International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Senior editor for @FoxNews. Formerly @FreeBeacon. Pensky material. Ideas/tips: david.rutz@fox.comInternational lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  An Israeli who lives in Israel and is not afraid to defend my country.
Follow me if you support Israel! Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Official account of Congressman Mike Waltz’s press shopInternational lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Geopol.,China analyst. Passionate abt past&future&democracy. History, int’l relations PhD. Cold War relations. Futurist. Opinions mine. RTs, likes=interestingOpinion journalist, Washington Post. Author of Rise of the Warrior Cop, and The Cadaver King and the Country Dentist. Honorary Duckmaster (3/24/18).International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Senior Fellow @AtlanticCouncil Fellow @MansfieldCenter Ex China Bureau Chief @BW Author, The Myth Of Chinese Capitalism (2020) @StMartinsPressConfronting anti-Semitism, hate, standing with Israel, defending the safety of Jews worldwide, teaching the lessons of the HolocaustGod Family and Country.Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.Seeing Venezuela in freedom is my priority. Activist for human rights. Say no to crimes against humanity.  #Noruega Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.Your voice at the United Nations. The only UN-accredited NGO that monitors the world body, defends human rights and fights dictatorships and double standards.International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Berlin-based journalist after 15 years a correspondent in Beijing. Tweeting my views on China, Hong Kong, EU, Germany, movie biz, @arsenal.International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  Strategic thinker, author, commentatorInternational lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  International lawyer, human rights activist, writer. Executive Director, United Nations Watch. BA, BCL, LLB, LLM & Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa.  