Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Sifting through all of the bullshit we’re fed daily from the “Unbiased Media”CharterJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Problem solver, Blind person, Braille reader, book reader, technology tamer!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Playboy Playmate of the Year 2002! Miss September 2001 • Entrepreneur • TV Host • Author • Real Estate Biz • Mother •  • s: dalenekurtisJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Doctor. Ontario Specialists Association, Chair.  Ontario Association of Radiologists, President. Husband. Hockey dad.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Author of award-winning Slay the Dragon and Zubulake's e-Discovery. https://t.co/Vi0ywntdxu  My Tweets are my opinion only.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. problemsolver attorneyland use zoning & RE litigation  Believer Catholic  family  ”Old Man Can’t is dead. I helped bury him.” - M.A.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. Imperfect Christian  God Lovin’, Trump Supportin’, Flag Respectin’, Gun totin’, Proud Deplorable | | | | | Jeep Gal  Save ur drama 4 ur momma Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Happily Married To My Best Friend
#AmericaFirst #Conservative #MAGA #KAG #TRUMP2020   #BackTheBlue #Military#Vets#BuildTheWall#VDHansonJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.6-9am ET @am990theanswer | 10-12N CST @kcmotalkradio | https://t.co/vr9ViYa2DM contributor | Daily pod https://t.co/eMQALdwcC4 | pick up dry cleaningI’m here to pet dogs. I can play a mean fiddle and I love heavy metal. Likes/RTs  endorsements. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#BBN & #miami sports fan. #WeAreUK #BBN #UK IG: COBBYCOBB_UK Parler: @cobbycobbJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Messianic American Israeli. Served in IDF for 3yrs. Lived in Israel 21yrs. Fluent in Hebrew. No longer affiliated with ANY political party. #MessiahYeshua John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Looking for Truth
Unveiling Hollywood darkness 
Raising Earth's vibrations 
Topics: Galactic History,MK-Ultra,Isaac Kappy,Kate ValentineThe Official Account of #LOTUS (Lionel of the U.S.) — Emmy® totin’ #Logodaedalus #ExtremeShuffleboard #ProudHusband #LawyerWarrior #Libertist #Polymath #ExpertJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Conservative, Independent & Christian. Proud of my Irish heritage. Army Nurse & Afghanistan Veteran. Native Montanan. I am a #MontanaProud #CountryGirlJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.MY OPINION STATED HERE DAILY and on https://t.co/J4wV7O0ALZ 
Expert at triggering the Left. 
TRUMP won   
No DM
if you use pronouns don't follow meJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Unabashed conservative, meat eater, anti-feminist, deaf but not dumb, Pittsburgh sports fan. Deal with it losers. #Trump #AcquittedForever #Trump2020  #Kag John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill."Do not ask for whom the bells toll. It tolls for all"John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!DplrableSiVlyEscapeeOSINT/SOCMINT#JOBS#ECONOMYMighty200PatriotsInTunePitCrew https://t.co/zp0qqW6PzqHRDNTHEGRIDNOWNOTABOTBeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.MY OPINION STATED HERE DAILY and on https://t.co/J4wV7O0ALZ 
Expert at triggering the Left. 
TRUMP won   
No DM
if you use pronouns don't follow meJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.NYPD ret, J.D. fb @JessieJaneDuff @mschlapp @mercedesschlapp @DLoesch @JimGeraghty @CamEdwards @JrzyJoePiscopo @deneenborelli @JaniceDean @SaraCarterDCJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Independent physicians for patient independence deny insurance and government limitations on patient care.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Still looking...Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFMom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.EXPOSING #wrong, REPORTING #truth & CHAMPIONING your #liberties & #conservative #family #values in #california since '99. A #nonprofit | Follow #savecaliforniaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Private investor, trader. Professional in Biotech. All views expressed here are my own. #livefearlessly John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Born and raised a patriot, fighting to preserve our great Republic.... America. Business owner, mom, advocate for people with disabilities.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Mom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I follow people & share things of interest to me.  Living in Nashville.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.We don’t make the milk, we deliver it. https://t.co/7eBFpJKPVW
#milkrunnewsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Florida man. Fiancé. Firebrand. America First.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Florida man. Fiancé. Firebrand. America First.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Anti-Left; Fmr ACU Asst Media Director | Healed Journalist; Ex-Radio Guy | WI native, CA survivor, IL refugee. Houston resident since 2013.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I vote for Conservative values. I support President Trump, Pro-Life, & Israel. I am proud to be born & raised in Texas...home of the Free & the Brave!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Old enough to remember gas lines under Carter, young enough to be a technophile.   Veteran's wife.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Venetian aristocrat Patriot Nationalist  
I speak my mind and I don’t care if you’re offended
@UM_alumni #MiamiHurricanes fan.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Change agent; law economics politics cultureHost of #TheLizWheelerShow, one of most-anticipated new video podcasts of the year. Subscribe for new episodes three times each week!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former RIA and current market technician trying to get my head around it. Retired physician.Playboy Playmate of the Year 2002! Miss September 2001 • Entrepreneur • TV Host • Author • Real Estate Biz • Mother •  • s: dalenekurtisJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.A @CatoInstitute project. Buy our book: https://t.co/z8WkcV230t America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.DplrableSiVlyEscapeeOSINT/SOCMINT#JOBS#ECONOMYMighty200PatriotsInTunePitCrew https://t.co/zp0qqW6PzqHRDNTHEGRIDNOWNOTABOTJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Host and Executive Producer of “Whistleblower,” former host of the nationally syndicated court show “Judge Alex”John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Practical Leadership: Author  Speaker  Workshop/Retreat Leader  Management Team DeveloperJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Eternal Vigilance is the Price of LibertyJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.TV Host Fox News Channel 9 PM EST. Nationally Syndicated Radio Host 3-6 PM EST. https://t.co/0WmPPuxbkF Retweets, Follows NOT endorsements! Due to hackings, no DM’s!I’m here to pet dogs. I can play a mean fiddle and I love heavy metal. Likes/RTs  endorsements. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilVietnam Era Air Force Vet, retired engineer, who loves Israel, proudly pro-life , interested in innovation, creativity & Warfare in South Pacific during WW2John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!It's not about what they tell you, it's about what they don't.

Villa fan. AC/DC Nut.

Proud member of #ufotwitter in an effort to #EndUAPSecrecyJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.“I am an AMERICAN PATRIOT, FIGHTER 4 LIBERTY” #FightBack #2A CORRUPT Govt/Politicians. I STAND 4 America LOVE our VeteransTRUMP IS OUR LEGIT POTUSJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Advocates for peace, liberty, prosperity. Constitutionalist & antiwar activist.  Less Government = More Freedom. Enemy of wars, socialism & big government.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.DplrableSiVlyEscapeeOSINT/SOCMINT#JOBS#ECONOMYMighty200PatriotsInTunePitCrew https://t.co/zp0qqW6PzqHRDNTHEGRIDNOWNOTABOTGold Ambassador at Plexus WorldwideMom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsWaking you up on @WMALDC in Washington DC, VA, MD, and across the Mid-Atlantic | Columnist/Creative Dir at @townhallcom 
E-mail tips to Mornings@WMAL.comJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believe in Principles, not Left or Right!
#FreeAssange #ProjectVeritas boop/bop/beepJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Cali Conservative  “We the People” tell the government what to do — R.Reagan — Whatever our souls are made of, his & mine are the same.  @Jeff_Pill John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Job 38-39This account punches back 10x harder. Managed by Save America Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.FOLLOW ME!...I'm Voting for Trump!Vermont Artist - Nature Art, Garden Flower Watercolors, Landscape Oil Paintings, Farmhouse Painted Furniture, Rustic Primitive Home Decor https://t.co/BOkQ4iJDcqJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I Help Paralegals UP$kill Legal Talents incl. Water Law - Lit Paralegal 45yrs - Award Win Critical Thinking & ABA-Law Instructor 30yrs - USC, UCLA, UWLA LawGOD MAGA KAG BIDENSUX PATRIOT MILITARY BLUE LIVES MATTER NRA 2ND A TEXAN ANIMAL LOVER THEIFS VOTED 4 BIDEN NOT ME!View info Main Stream Media is not Reporting - Equal Opportunity Offender - Sensitive Material - Trump Supporter - R/T not an endorsementJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.“Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered”.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Official Twitter for the House Committee on the Judiciary, Republicans | Est. 1813 | Ranking Member, @Jim_JordanJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.An independent electronic media company specializing in the collection & publication of public opinion info since 2003. 330M Twitter impressions in 2020.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I love the smell of justice in the morning.I hear fiddles & smell smoke. A time for choosing is upon us. “Problematic White Woman” who wears it like a badge. Writer @PJMedia_comJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Constitutional Independent, “Freedom is not a gift bestowed upon us by other men, but a right.  #Trump2020  #MAGA #KAG  - Sorry unable to follow BackJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.You are empowered to do as you please Former this and current that.  Expert speculation to fact.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.MAGAFounding editorial board member, NATO Defence Strategic Communications journal. Senior Analyst for Strategy, Center for Security Policy.I’m here to pet dogs. I can play a mean fiddle and I love heavy metal. Likes/RTs  endorsements. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Retired solo practice neurosurgeon. #BabiesLivesMatter #AncestralDoctors #VINCIT_OMNIA_VERITASJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.MY OPINION STATED HERE DAILY and on https://t.co/J4wV7O0ALZ 
Expert at triggering the Left. 
TRUMP won   
No DM
if you use pronouns don't follow meJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, husband, father, grandfather.  Constitutional conservative, smaller government.  Vietnam Veteran.  #BacktheBlue #AmericaFirstJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.MAGA, I love the USA, my Lord Jesus Christ and Donald Trump.  I am a #MAGA  #Trump2020 #CCOT NO DM I AM MARRIED, and will not answer backMigrated from the Philippines. Wife, Retired Mom & Grandmom. Concerned for my children’s values in life & future. Very opinionated. NO DMs Please.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.MY OPINION STATED HERE DAILY and on https://t.co/J4wV7O0ALZ 
Expert at triggering the Left. 
TRUMP won   
No DM
if you use pronouns don't follow meJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Traveling Retired 38 Years in Education, PhD Curriculum Instruction & Technology.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaMichelle Fischbach is the Congresswoman for western Minnesota’s 7th District. #MN07John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.A common sense conservative American man. Not some conspiring leftist or illegal alien.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Unbiased voter resource  Find your #PoliticalMatch with our #CandidateMatchmaker below - mix of Tinder, Hinge, & Politics 
(RTs/follows  endorsements)John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.NYPD ret, J.D. fb @JessieJaneDuff @mschlapp @mercedesschlapp @DLoesch @JimGeraghty @CamEdwards @JrzyJoePiscopo @deneenborelli @JaniceDean @SaraCarterDCJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.GOD MAGA KAG BIDENSUX PATRIOT MILITARY BLUE LIVES MATTER NRA 2ND A TEXAN ANIMAL LOVER THEIFS VOTED 4 BIDEN NOT ME!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Constitutionalist / Caregiver Special Needs SisterSUN TZU : Victory is reserved for those who are willing to pay its price         #FightForTrump John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I’m here to pet dogs. I can play a mean fiddle and I love heavy metal. Likes/RTs  endorsements. Conservative, Military brat,former military wife,, mother,grandmother .Love my Country & Pres.DJT. NO DM's. MAGA!!!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I am a blog that plays the piano. How can my Salsa be the best ever, time after time, much like athletes consistently breaking world records! Freedom!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Senior Editor, @FDRLST. Senior Journalism Fellow, @Hillsdale. Fox News Contributor. Lots of Babylon Bee retweets.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. Imperfect Christian  God Lovin’, Trump Supportin’, Flag Respectin’, Gun totin’, Proud Deplorable | | | | | Jeep Gal  Save ur drama 4 ur momma  Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Author of over 15 nonfiction books.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian - Conservative - Vietnam Veteran - SUPPORT: God, Family, MAGA, States Rights - OPPOSE: Progressivism, UN, Globalism, Federal Reserve, Political IslamJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Female. US Navy Veteran 1980-84. Independent voter. “Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring.”  “A house divided against itself, cannot stand.”Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Author, China business & geopolitical analyst. Pro-Business.  Lived & worked in China for over 20 years. Columbia, UPenn, UCLA alumJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I am a Father and American who loves the way life use to be... maskless and Free! own 2 small businesses and 20+ years in real estate as agent and/or lender.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative Christian. Love @BeccaRyun. Dad of 4. Jayhawk. CEO @AM_National, @VoterGravity. For media: becca@ryunmedia.com. @theamgreatness Senior Fellow.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Strict Constitutionalist. Believe our rights come from God. We are all in this together but not at the point of govt gun. #MAGA  #KAG #DrainTheSwamp #TRUMP2024 #Constitutionalists #AmericaFirst  #BuildTheWall #RedWave2022  #WalkAway Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative EmptynesterJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.FOLLOW ME!...I'm Voting for Trump!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I have no greater JOY than to hear that my children walk in truth.~ 3 John 1:4 #JesusFirst MAGA Strong Married to @WildAtHeart45Mom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsSentient Individual • Truth Seeker • Freedom Lover • Conspiracy Analyst • 

Gab: MarcMoyerJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.FOLLOW ME!...I'm Voting for Trump!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Conservative Christian, Pro Life, support Constitution, less government, support Military, Support Israel, Trump supporter. #deplorable #trump #NRAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Vice Chairman & CEO at Republicans Overseas, RNC Member since 2000, Co-founder of RNC Republican National Conservative Caucus & Conservative Steering CommitteeHongkongerThatcherite. Deficit hawk. Patriotic. Pro-US & pro-Israel. Anti-PC, non-dhimmi. Brexiteer. LUFC


Parler: @LCDKUK
gab: @LCDK_UKJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Financial Economist, Strategic Planning, Financial Econometric Modeling, Revenue Enhancements Guru #ChristDaKing #ProIsrael #FiscalHawk #BlackConservative #MAGALibertyunalienable•Govt IS a bubble• •DrainTheSwamp•God•Hard Work•Thrift•Self-Reliance•*Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?* IICE #KAG #DemsCheatJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative Christian. Love @BeccaRyun. Dad of 4. Jayhawk. CEO @AM_National, @VoterGravity. For media: becca@ryunmedia.com. @theamgreatness Senior Fellow.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stands for the Flag. Supports America’s Military, Veteran’s & Law Enforcement.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Passionate, free market enthusiast of financial independence & constitutional government based on rule of law & individual liberty 2 #MAGA #KAGJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.MY OPINION STATED HERE DAILY and on https://t.co/J4wV7O0ALZ 
Expert at triggering the Left. 
TRUMP won   
No DM
if you use pronouns don't follow meJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Government & Politics;John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.FOLLOW ME!...I'm Voting for Trump!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Founding editorial board member, NATO Defence Strategic Communications journal. Senior Analyst for Strategy, Center for Security Policy.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Defend God, Family, Borders, Language and Culture, I repost some videos for maximum effect until I have a large enough following.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Mom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I have a right to my opinion and you to yours.  I can't be bothered to argue with you so post whatever.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I am a rude, straight forward, somewhat dismissive, Patriot. If you come at me with , then there will be . I appreciate thoughtful comments.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horseplayer- One of the people responsible for the 14% takeout Players Pick 5 in Ca.  1st race of the day.Our ideas & insights need to spread everywhere. If you like what I post, then RT it. Start a prairie fire of ideas. Retired RN. Older than dirt. #TrumpWonTrump Supporter  IFBA Patriots. 
#TRUMP

#MAGA

#KAG

 #CONSERVATIVE 

#PATRIOT

 #BUILDTHEWALL

#DRAINTHESWAMP

#TRUMPSUPPORTER

#KAG2020
John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Husband & Dad. I comment on healthcare, long-term care issues, taxes, current events, etc. RTs are not endorsements. I try to keep it lively.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.DplrableSiVlyEscapeeOSINT/SOCMINT#JOBS#ECONOMYMighty200PatriotsInTunePitCrew https://t.co/zp0qqW6PzqHRDNTHEGRIDNOWNOTABOTJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#McNeese Cowboys/Cowgirls #GeauxPokes  Leesville Wampus Cats.   Now in TEXAS.    Jeremiah 31:31-34   #WalkAway  #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #Plandemic #JoeChinaJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I am the wife of a retired soldier, Tim @FaulkRaider,mother of a son & daughter in the Army- #Proflife Conservative on Parler, GAB, MeWe too with same profile.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Celebrating Pride & Happy Juneteenth.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian conservative from Georgia. #MAGA #KAG Follow me on Parler @marilynbrickel“Silence in the face of evil is itself evil: GOD will not hold us innocent. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.”—BonhoefferJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#Christian | #lawyer (Ret.) Tweets on Christianity, law, politics, conservativism, tech, social media. Author/publisher (Ret.) advertising law, #FTC. #MAGA #KAGNewsmax Columnist, Keynote speaker. URL https://t.co/Hq0TxgfTpN My latest book (photo above) on sale for only $3.99  https://t.co/wYyDIDf47JJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Author of NYT bestseller “Unmasked”: https://t.co/GDDNbvZOrJ. Editor-at-large: @TPostMillennial. Telegram: https://t.co/Mb6S5itCqMChristian, Constitution lover, servant to my pets, married to a Red Raider for 42yrs., huge supporter of military sacrifices, #MAGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, husband, father, grandfather.  Constitutional conservative, smaller government.  Vietnam Veteran.  #BacktheBlue #AmericaFirstJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The man with the golden stethoscope. Amateur Jew. Aspiring house husband. Scourge of the seas.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.A Conservative seeking the TRUTH.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Magically SuspiciousJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Native New Yorker, Hap Married, #MAGA#Blue Lives & Vets Matter. Love Animals. sense Humor. Enjoy Life.List will gt u blocked.#1A #2A. Rockefeller Center TreeJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Dad, writer, marketer, farmer, horseman, home renovator,fixer & tinkerer. World Bank gave me a writing prize a while back.The Australian Farm Institute did too!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Specialist in Hair Testing (HTMA), Homeopathy and Women's  HealthJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.https://t.co/J1TvHarBeb, Biotechnology II Pharmaceutical ||Quality Professional II Investigator II #DonorsChoice || #TeamRays || @JanaSenaParty #RespectWomanJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.25+ years a Voice And Data Network Engineer. Historian. Iconoclast. Student of the #Constitution. Champion of Free Speech, Free Thought, and Free PeopleThe Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Here for #Trump MAGA AmericaFirst #ProGuns #Deplorable KAG Trump2020 Republican Author, China Expert, Film Producer, & Nonpartisan Patriot...
Tackling China's Challenge Will Unite America! @CFR_org @NCUSCR @usasiainstitute @producersguildJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Physician • Mom of 3 • Married to a  surgeon • Contributor @FoxNews • Opinions are mine ONLY • Bestselling author #MAHA, #PanicAttackBookJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Joe Biden is an illegitimate President.  "Voter Suppression" is a ruse for Voter Fraud.  Free Julian Assange.  Nationalism before Globalism.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.The Official Twitter Account for Bernard B. Kerik, 40th Police Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, and NY Times bestselling author.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Native New Yorker, Hap Married, #MAGA#Blue Lives & Vets Matter. Love Animals. sense Humor. Enjoy Life.List will gt u blocked.#1A #2A. Rockefeller Center TreeLibertyunalienable•Govt IS a bubble• •DrainTheSwamp•God•Hard Work•Thrift•Self-Reliance•*Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?* IICE #KAG #DemsCheatJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Deep dislike of Deep State and all their cronies.Christian, American Patriot, Ardent Defender of America and Israel;John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.UFO Pilot Influencer / Budding entrepreneur / Youtuber / Make someone smile today  | Contact : tamilcinereview@gmail.com Phone : +91 9655555970John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Sr. Political Analyst, Fox News Channel. Arguments welcome. Name callers & verbal abusers blocked.Lightworker, Human Systems Analyst, Vibration Visionary

Awakening is Great.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.High above the circus of mainstream media spin, death-defying talk without the corporate safety net… this is The HighWire. ALL-NEW Website Coming JULY.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@Softwar on Parler CEO Softwar Inc., former journalist, author, expert encryption security programmer, developed Quantum based encryption using light.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative; Constitutionalist; Individual freedom & liberty key; Rule of Law fundamental to our country's survival as a nation of free people.'Mr Producer' of @marklevinshow. FMR producer @seanhannity @larry_kudlow @marksimoneny. Producer, This Is America w/ @richvaldes  https://t.co/FV7g0sLW6mJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Independent thinker, lover of truth, Computer geek, WYSIWYGJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.bonum narrationi magis occultum...#PardonAssange #ManosDiamentes #Laseraugen#Truth is not for the weak in spirit - #God is always Faithful...if you believe - Entrepreneur - Internet is Power  - Proud to be #American John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.My life is based on a True Story.Ghostwriter.Political Aficionado, Bonvivant Ballet l’Opéra Paris Trilingual: English,French Italian Critical Thinker, Indy, Parler: ToscaAustenJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.NY Rangers, Manchester United,Glasgow Celtic,Notre Dame... #MAGA #FIGHTINGCANCER #STOPISLAM Retweets do not = approval. JoeBama Lost.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.NYPD ret, J.D. fb @JessieJaneDuff @mschlapp @mercedesschlapp @DLoesch @JimGeraghty @CamEdwards @JrzyJoePiscopo @deneenborelli @JaniceDean @SaraCarterDCJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, Deplorable, Latina, Reformed Democrat, Love Military, Police. Proudly support POTUS Trump.  Parler & Gab Handle NancyLee2016 Hope to see you there.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.#Americafirst  #45  Supporter of Military And The American Flag!   If I Offend You  Too Bad !Libertyunalienable•Govt IS a bubble• •DrainTheSwamp•God•Hard Work•Thrift•Self-Reliance•*Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?* IICE #KAG #DemsCheatJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Exposing the global warming dogma infecting our media, policies, grant-seeking academics, and green energy money pits.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former Democrat, Conservative, Christ follower, retired USAF. #TSU  #Tennis #NRABeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilLove the people of South Sudan, creating business opportunities using eucalyptus trees, and my lovely bride of 34 years!Our Rights come from God, not government. Physician/Patient/Survivor/ Wife/Mother of 4 daughters/ SmallBizOwner/Limited Government/ No Socialized Medicine/TexanOur Rights come from God, not government. Physician/Patient/Survivor/ Wife/Mother of 4 daughters/ SmallBizOwner/Limited Government/ No Socialized Medicine/TexanOur Rights come from God, not government. Physician/Patient/Survivor/ Wife/Mother of 4 daughters/ SmallBizOwner/Limited Government/ No Socialized Medicine/TexanJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Space enthusiast. Dot Com survivor. Early riser.Christian/Conservative/Retired Iraq War Veteran/


 
Articles & Blogs by Patricia L. Dickson
https://t.co/OtfgCz6rh2Author of the best-sellers "Hidden History," "Survival of the Richest," "Crimes and Cover-Ups in American Politics: 1776-1963" and "Bullyocracy."Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Over 21, under 100. When I grow up, I want to be a writer. I have a few degrees and a little sarcasm.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.COMMENTARYLifeLibertyPursuitOfHappinessVeteransProLife!Israel KeepTexasRed! There Is A Christian Genocide Conservative LibertarianOfficial Twitter for Congressman Matt Gaetz. Proud conservative who is honored to serve the First District of Florida.@FoxNews Contributor, @FoxNation Host, Italian. Scottish. Bookish. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” -Anaïs NinThis nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earthJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.God bless America. I'm running to be Arizona's next governor in 2022 Emmy-winning former Arizona news anchor. Find me on FB at TheKariLakeJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Dreamer, Film Maker, Writer, Painter, Wildlife Photographer. @drishyamfilms AnkhonDekhi/Masaan/Waiting/Dhanak/Newton/Rukh/Kaamyaab https://t.co/gqFl5y8cVBJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.native American Indian and not your fucking slave ownerJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Supporter of “Big R” God-given rights  / Twitter deleted my account at 24k // DONT BEND THE KNEE TO LIBTARDS EVER!!!!Investor and writer interested in economics, geo-politics, history, travel and just, lasting peace. Proud father of two fine young adults.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Questioning everything except God’s Word, the Bible.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.==I follow back==
"These are the times that try men's souls" - Thomas Paine.
Former writer @71RepublicMedia
Frater SS07Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #ketoJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Parler and GAB: @baileyjer | Conservatarian | Vietnam Vet (US Navy) | Radio/TV, Marketing | Christian | MAGA-KAG• God •  Jesus Christ • The Holy Spirit •  The Constitution "for" The USA • 1776 •Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.“Silence in the face of evil is itself evil: God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.” Bonhoefferaka Doctor Aunt Jane, physician in private practice, general internal medicine; executive director, Association of American Physicians and SurgeonsFounder of #BlackGunsMatter Email solutionarylifestyle@gmail.comJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Our Rights come from God, not government. Physician/Patient/Survivor/ Wife/Mother of 4 daughters/ SmallBizOwner/Limited Government/ No Socialized Medicine/TexanSen. Anchor & Pres. Programming, @RealAmVoice (RAV-TV) @JustTheNews | long time Trump Advisor #mama  #Jesus #Adoption #DownSyndrome rescue | E/INTJ VETERAN/ MINESWEEPER 1A,2ACHRISTIAN. YOUR BORN ALONE, YOU’LL DIE ALONE, YOU’LL STAND ALONE BEFORE GOD AND GIVE AN ACCOUNT, HE KNOWS John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #ketoRescueDog RuleOfLaw Former U.S. District Court Grand Jury court reporterIFBJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Chief National Security Correspondent, @JustTheNews. Frmr editor @dcexaminer. PEOPLE, Time, RealClear, Soldier of Fortune. @MilReporters board. D/M for SignalRightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.Unraveling fears one chart at a time // mktg + AI + crypto // data, demographics, and steaks. justinhart.biz@gmail.com // claimed by @jennyerikson. Father to 8!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.NYPD ret, J.D. fb @JessieJaneDuff @mschlapp @mercedesschlapp @DLoesch @JimGeraghty @CamEdwards @JrzyJoePiscopo @deneenborelli @JaniceDean @SaraCarterDCJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Author, "You'd Better Put Some Ice On That" retired RN & business owner, SPEAKER, PROUD TRUMP SUPPORTERJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Liberal. Scepticeer. Anti-hyperbolist. Fond of free thinkers.

Finance, economics, politics, history, racing, football, religion.Data analysis & research, FL Exec. Office of the Gov. Faith. Family. Friends. Freedom. Fmr CMH, Fmr ATL, present: Tallahassee. Don't let anyone define you.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christ is King Philippians 2:10-11John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.parler @StoneColdChik God/Honey to Gunny/Mom/Country/Constitution /former FMF Corpsman & EMT/writer/blogger/gardener/farmer/mediator/seeking proven leadershipJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Follow this so you don't have to follow @realdonaldtrump  This account helps people that do not support Donald Trump to get his tweets without following him.Jesus Christ is Lord ”The gates of hell shall NOT prevail”USAF VeteranDaughter of Founders,Revolution All hate/evil/lies instantly GO Trump Go he's OUR Man #MAGA2020 another landslide   build the wall and crimes will fall  https://t.co/8wglrNLBYa.     @jadefavHusband. Father of four. @AmerComm and @Comm4Prosperity president. Syndicated columnist. IFC chairman. Mets fan.Kambree Kawahine Koa  Native Texan  California refugee Patriotic Christian, #AmericaFirst #1A #2A Drain theSwamp, Respect our flag & national anthem, our symbol of Liberty & Freedom.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Tweets represent my own views. Follow my Instagram @DrDavidSamadi. #RoboticSurgery. Expert in https://t.co/VhFciq2Qu9 @newsmax contributorSeeking truth. Asking questions. Shedding light. RT’s are not necessarily endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Host of The Water Cooler on Real America’s Voice and Just The News. Chief Political Analyst for CBN NewsHorse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Apr.19, 1775 they were loyal British subjects who believed they were standing up to defend & fight for their rights. In doing so they changed the world forever.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.God bless America. I'm running to be Arizona's next governor in 2022 Emmy-winning former Arizona news anchor. Find me on FB at TheKariLakeRepresenting Arizona's Fighting Fifth.Actor, director, producer, author. Click the link to see me on LocalsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.East Turkistan, not Xinjiang. 
We will take our country back from Chinese invaders.https://t.co/GClHhmtvDS God Save the Republic #RollTide #HailState (house divided)John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Strict Constitutionalist. Believe our rights come from God. We are all in this together but not at the point of govt gun.Christian, Trump loyalist, Believe in The Plan, Married, Love my family. Do not answer PM asking personal questions.Happily married Naturopathic physician, Healer, Brain Trainer, Breath Worker, humanitarian, communitarian, Mom, Blessed.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Liberty, Individual Rights, Peace 4 all. Classical Liberal. Voluntarist. Austrian Econ, Free Market. RTs r bookmarks. Follow u backPatriot Mother of 8, Nana of 25. 
Married 45yrs Love GOD, FAMILY and COUNTRY #Trump2020 
Follow the TRUTH no matter where it leads! John 3:16

No solicitations#Bluelives matter,MAGA,hate new world order. Love Capitalism #TRUMP.#backtheBlue,#kag2020Christ-follower, Gracist, recovering Baptist, Viking from Kentucky, Louisville Cardinal

Widow, mom, semi-retired writer

*I report scammers & impersonatorsIf you're Potatoing, then Potato in a sunbeam 
If you're in a hole, then stop digging.
Aut inveniam viam aut faciam.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.TRUMP - 2024
DESANTIS - 2024
YOU CAN'T CHANGE THE WORLD,
ONLY THE PIECE YOU'RE STANDING ON 
UGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Visionary Entrepreneur and Investor, Proud Conservative #MAGA #FOREX #Vietnam #Combat Vet #KAGIt's a Constitutional Republic.
A democracy is 3 wolves and a lamb deciding what's for dinnerJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Common Sense Independent Conservative from the People's Republic of MA. #ownboss #ecommerce #onlinemarketing #socialmediastrategist #voiceovers #OceanGirl #TAMChristian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Professor Harvard Medical School. Disease surveillance methods. Infectious disease outbreaks. Vaccine safety. Free SaTScan, TreeScan and RSequential software.Questioning everything except God’s Word, the Bible.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Book out: *Essays on Free Knowledge*
Chief at Knowledge Standards Foundation @ks_found & ex-founder, Wikipedia. Philosopher, fiddler. Long gone from WP. Trump#NRA #ProIsrael #DrainTheSwamp #DefendThePolice #DefundDemocrats #DefundBlackLivesMatter #EradicateAntifa #FIGHTBACK on Parler as VegasGal22John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.When we follow God, instead of the crowd he takes us to places others can only imagine.... A resilient... Jesus lover, Mom, Grandparent.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Rightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Academic internist & epidemiologist & author of non-medical tomes on Jihad War, Islamic Antisemitism,  & the ShariaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFDeplorable Awoke Conservative! Hill School Alum! UMICH Dad! Lax Goalie Dad 2x!! Libs I warn I hit hard! Common Sense is my guide!musician, writer, historian, sheep slayer, sarcasm aficionado, type-A, libertarian standing outside the stable observing the intellectually paralyzed.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Advocate for Freedom, Human Rights, Peace through Strength, Equal Justice for All, Law and Order, Education and Animal Rights.Took part in an undercover sting once y’all may’ve heard of..https://t.co/ZSGg1JXNoq #GodBlessAmericaI follow people & share things of interest to me.  Living in Nashville.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Mom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Editor of The Mercury, a two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning daily newspaper in Pennsylvania. Opinions my own. RTs are not necessarily endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former chaplain, Idaho Senate. Author of Idaho‘s Marriage Amendment, "Urban Legends of the Constitution,” and "The Boy To Man Book." Radio host. My views.Supporter of “Big R” God-given rights  / Twitter deleted my account at 24k // DONT BEND THE KNEE TO LIBTARDS EVER!!!!Conservative Survivor of the Ivy LeagueJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative; Constitutionalist; Individual freedom & liberty key; Rule of Law fundamental to our country's survival as a nation of free people.Married to a Hottie , Father of 3 Boys and a Princess , Roll Tide  Love My Country The #IndoPacific geo-politics & balance of power with #China
 
Support #HongKong #Taiwan #QUADJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Biden is not my President. R.N. Pro-life, pro-military. Love the Blue! Love God and country. DAR. All DMs die there. Happily married to a Marine. TexasAggie.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.A Voice for Private Physicians Since 1943. Omnia pro aegroto - All for the patient. #PatientPowerLiberty not licenseNaturalized Cuban AMERICAN 
Conservative mom & wife.  TRUMP !  
#MAGA

He that is good at making excuses is seldom good for anything else. --
Ben FranklinTribal Art collectors and dealers. Love art design, music, culture, travel, food, and intelligent discourse, all animals and people with a sense of humour.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesExposing the global warming dogma infecting our media, policies, grant-seeking academics, and green energy money pits.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Constitutionalist, Patriot, Conservative. Jesus freak.. Love America, animals, LEOs, our military and the blues. NO LISTS, trains or DM's.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Kambree Kawahine Koa  Native Texan  California refugee John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Very small cogs for some very, very big companies . . . Down with Panthers/Hornets/Canes (NHL)/Mets/Charlotte 49ers (NCAA) /Charlotte FC (2022) :) :) !!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Unraveling fears one chart at a time // mktg + AI + crypto // data, demographics, and steaks. justinhart.biz@gmail.com // claimed by @jennyerikson. Father to 8!Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #keto@FoxNews Contributor, @FoxNation Host, Italian. Scottish. Bookish. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” -Anaïs NinKambree Kawahine Koa  Native Texan  California refugee I think for myself ... enough saidJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Love my Wife, Family and Country and want to keep what the Founders wanted for it, Life, Liberty & The Pursuit of Happiness! Mountaineers are Always Free Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Scott Jordan FB @ritacosby @jerome_corsi @RealDrGina @RyanAFournier @AntonioSabatoJr @workwthecoach @ScottPresler @LLinWood #BuildTheWall #KAG2020 #MAGA! #IFBJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaHow do you tell a Communist? Well, it’s someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It’s someone who understands Marx and Lenin.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements."O Senhor é meu pastor, nada me faltará."John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Morning host/program director at KNST in Tucson. Screw Twitter. Follow me on Gab @garretlewis and at MeWe @garretlewis & on Parler @garretlewisOwner of Apollo Beach Coin store.  Married to Vicki Warner Republican graduate UCLABeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Social democracy = socialism = communism = fascism = central planning = totalitarianism. End-game is the same, a ruling elite making decisions for rest of us.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I love #America! #MAGA #Trump2020, Not PC - if you are, beat it.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.Christian conservative from Georgia. #MAGA #KAG Follow me on Parler @marilynbrickelFighting for our Constitutional Federal RepublicPresident, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaConstitution, The Rule of Law, Doing what’s right! investigations,Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Founder, President, and CEO of the Independent Institute and Publisher of "The Independent Review: A Journal of Political Economy"
@IndependentInstCall me what you like.I know I hate no race/person of colour
My own people & culture is under threat, so my main concern. #ItsNotAboutHateOfOthersButLoveOfMyOwnJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Married, Mom and lover of carbs. I stand for the  and kneel for the .How do you tell a Communist? Well, it’s someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It’s someone who understands Marx and Lenin.Free spirit and cool cat at heart. The truth will always prevail, count on it. 

No DM with links please. Private accounts must allow follow backs or blocked.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.These are my thoughts, my real thoughts, in my diary. I write in my diary every day, because it's my diary. Tweets @realdonaldtrump with "Dear Diary"Liberty not licensePhysical attraction is common, mental attraction is rare and a gift. Punjabi American Patriot!! Alpha maleTrump Doctrine...
#MAGA #
Thank you Mr.PresidentJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.EMMY winner Graham Ledger hosts The Ledger Report - Constitutionally conservative analysis of the political news of the day. SUBSCRIBE FREE to the PODCAST Pragmatic & bold thinker in a world full of tug-of-war • US Immigrant family • Uniquely multi-cultured • America 1st Advocate • Kneels only to GODJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Physical attraction is common, mental attraction is rare and a gift. Punjabi American Patriot!! Alpha maleJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The darkest places in hell are reserved for those of you who maintain their neutrality during times of moral crisis. God’s Blessings sent to Joe & Kamala.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Investor and writer interested in economics, geo-politics, history, travel and just, lasting peace. Proud father of two fine young adults.#China is committing #UyghurGenocide in occupied #EastTurkistan. Speak up for your humanity.
#Çin #DouTürkistan'da #Türk, Müslüman soykrm yapyor, ses ver.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Rightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.39/f. Those who do not remember the past are condemmed to repeat it-George Santayana. Constitutional Conservative Patriot #saltyarmy Retired Software Quality Engineer, Cord Cutter before it was cool,  Conservative, Pro Life, Cat Lover. Above all else, is freedom!'John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaSometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. F.N
Bolsonarista. Favor não colocar minha @ em SDV.Mom, Imperfect Christian, Animal lover, #RESIST #ProLife #2A; Favorite quote: “Get busy living or get busy dying”, Andy Dufresne Shawshank RedemptionJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements. Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.RescueDog RuleOfLaw Former U.S. District Court Grand Jury court reporterIFBGOD MAGA KAG BIDENSUX PATRIOT MILITARY BLUE LIVES MATTER NRA 2ND A TEXAN ANIMAL LOVER THEIFS VOTED 4 BIDEN NOT ME!GOD MAGA KAG BIDENSUX PATRIOT MILITARY BLUE LIVES MATTER NRA 2ND A TEXAN ANIMAL LOVER THEIFS VOTED 4 BIDEN NOT ME!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Father of two, @heidiscruz's husband, fighter for liberty. Representing the great state of Texas in the U.S. Senate.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.20yr USN • Dittohead • Trumplican • 
Confessional Lutheran @TheLCMS#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.Polyhistor Flwd by @RitaCosby @SullivanRadio @michaeljohns @RealEricCarmen @RyanAFournier @georgepapa19 @ACTBrigitte #Catholic #ProLife NoLists No DMsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Elect queen - Amsterdam -vind vvmu heel belangrijk Zelfde naam Parler Gab JacquelineWxxx
Vak : beurs gerelateerde producten #aandelen #opties #derivatenJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.GO Trump Go he's OUR Man #MAGA2020 another landslide   build the wall and crimes will fall  https://t.co/8wglrNLBYa.     @jadefav Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstOfficial Campaign for Christian Lamar, 2022 Republican candidate for Arizona House of Representatives in Legislative District 20 #AZGOP #LD20 #AZLeg #ArizonaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Happy blessed cancer survivor. Father to beautiful daughter. God is Good.#MAGA #BUILDTHEWALL  #WALKAWAY #KAG  
I Follow Back All PatriotsWAS ON ARK WITH NOAH! MAGA Conservative CCOT NRA ProLife, Married, Harvard, Ret Inst Healthcare Mgmt & Policy, RRT, Historian, Battling Leukemia!Surgeon/Conservative/Wife/Mother of 3/Activist:get govt out of medicine/Texan/Passionate Patient-Centered Reform Expert-see websiteCofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #ketoDplrableSiVlyEscapeeOSINT/SOCMINT#JOBS#ECONOMYMighty200PatriotsInTunePitCrew https://t.co/zp0qqW6PzqHRDNTHEGRIDNOWNOTABOTFaith Family FarmCounty GOP Area Leader | Constitutionalist | Patriot | Populist | Economic Nationalist | America First | #SaveAmerica | #MAGADoctor who speaks out about vaccines.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Supporter of “Big R” God-given rights  / Twitter deleted my account at 24k // DONT BEND THE KNEE TO LIBTARDS EVER!!!!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Passion for civil and religious liberty, law and order. Rejects Marxism, leftist ideologies/policies, Big Tech/MSM censorship.musician, writer, historian, sheep slayer, sarcasm aficionado, type-A, libertarian standing outside the stable observing the intellectually paralyzed.John Steigerwald Show. Mon-Fri 5-6PM on AM1250 The Answer. Over 40 years in Pgh media. Author “Just Watch The Game.” I’ve decided to stop using all pronouns.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Building Brands is my biz. I'm a Designer, Illustrator, Full Time Digitalnomad, Traveler, Researcher, PPCPatriot, Truther, Lover of Freedom, Knowledge & Q.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.| Ex-Indian Army | IIM -B|Entrepreneur Freedom is not free it cost Soldiers | Soldiers Never Die!   Telegram - https://t.co/fMlIXFvkprWriter/Researcher/Editor; Socrates, Jane Fairfax & Jon Stewart; 4th-Grade All-City Spelling Bee Champ; Pro-Oxford comma, Anti-semicolon; Caps are a crapshootEast Turkistan, not Xinjiang. 
We will take our country back from Chinese invaders.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian conservative from Georgia. #MAGA #KAG Follow me on Parler @marilynbrickelJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Think for yourself, or others will think for you without thinking of you. ~
Henry David Thoreau 

Retweets/follows  endorsementJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Global Correspondent for Byline Times. Columnist for Inside Arabia. Activist against Islamophobia. Plz support: https://t.co/tnDXsIhkhOJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Anti-imperialism | Law | Anti-ThatcherismJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.An account to automatically report #coronavirus & #COVID19 stats.
Using open source data from https://t.co/GyCwfsjf7G.
#TwitterBot created by @borderObserverInvestor and writer interested in economics, geo-politics, history, travel and just, lasting peace. Proud father of two fine young adults.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.GO Trump Go he's OUR Man #MAGA2020 another landslide   build the wall and crimes will fall  https://t.co/8wglrNLBYa.     @jadefavJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I block all trolls, which includes those seeking to start a flame war and those launching personal attacks.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.News You Won't Find On Mainstream Media | Trump 2020 | A blog about fact-based and data-driven news from reliable sources. #NotOnMainstreamMediaJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.La Ingeniería no es solo una profesión, es la mejor forma de ver las cosas,las cifras no mientenJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Unraveling fears one chart at a time // mktg + AI + crypto // data, demographics, and steaks. justinhart.biz@gmail.com // claimed by @jennyerikson. Father to 8!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@FoxNews Contributor, @FoxNation Host, Italian. Scottish. Bookish. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” -Anaïs NinHost of the @EricMetaxasShow & https://t.co/r9P0b6IBJt; author of BONHOEFFER & IF YOU CAN KEEP IT. Purveyors of unpleasantness will be blocked. Make my day, punk.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Support HK, support Trump! support Miles Guo!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I love Jesus and I love my family. I am a business owner, entrepreneur, motivational speaker, vision caster. I love winter sports as well as water sportsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Uniquely island local with a window on the world. Site 2009-2019, closed/archived. News/opinions by retired publisher/editor. God is in control. ‘praying for President #Trump and America’s greatness. Socialism is satanism! #MakeChristianityBraveAgain #MCBA #MAGA #ArmyForTrumpJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Concerned American praying 4 R future.   A rose is a sign of prayer, when UC1, say 1: 4 with #God all things R possible. #MAGA #KeepAmericaGreat #HoldTheLineBestselling author. Columnist for @pjmedia_com. Writer of @MargolisAndCox editorial cartoons. Coffee drinker.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Academic internist & epidemiologist & author of non-medical tomes on Jihad War, Islamic Antisemitism,  & the Sharia Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstWife, Mother, Author, Clinical Sexologist, Content Creator 
*Views are my own* 
Proudly retweeted by President Trump  
https://t.co/3w3FS85Ms7… Imperfect Christian  God Lovin’, Trump Supportin’, Flag Respectin’, Gun totin’, Proud Deplorable | | | | | Jeep Gal  Save ur drama 4 ur momma John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just waiting for Justice.JESUS FREAK ~ ISAIAH 61 is for 2021 ~ Happily Married ~  Animal Chaplain ~ pawTree Products ~ https://t.co/Jb6q1a2xUuPresident, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaRightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Married to @rangersbraves2   https://t.co/c2SsnEiKUZ, https://t.co/l4L22Zblaz Retweets do not equal endorsementGod First  #Military #America #Patriot #NRA #LANative  It turns out clinging to our Bibles and guns was the smartest thing we ever did. #VoterPassportsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Mom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = Endorsements#MAGA. I follow back all patriots. Pronouns: AK/47.  I social distance from liberals. #Trump2024. #Christian. #1A #2AJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@FoxNews Contributor, @FoxNation Host, Italian. Scottish. Bookish. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” -Anaïs NinJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.FOOD FOR THOUGHT:  There are enough "MEAN" people in the world we don't "NEED" anymoreJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Advocates for peace, liberty, prosperity. Constitutionalist & antiwar activist.  Less Government = More Freedom. Enemy of wars, socialism & big government.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. https://t.co/qo5HkGNUQx  https://t.co/ZGZCMSf8OS  https://t.co/9WCK1Nw7yU  https://t.co/SJIGqQ0zmn  https://t.co/d2S6C7Ikx3  https://t.co/tIJCRdCMYC  https://t.co/md9YoLC5Cz'The plural of anecdote is data' —George J. Stigler,  Nobel Prize in Economics  |    —Pin Pin Korori —'healthy until you drop dead' | 'PubMed Warrior' I usually just sit back and listen to the ignorance people spew out of their mouth, But things are getting Real, even scary at times. #KAG #Parlor/Generaljet60I AM the Daughter of the King who is not moved by the world for my God is with me and goes before me.  I do not fear because I AM H I S.
*From Your Daughter*Everything has begun CCP  Chinese CCP  China Stand with Hong Kong Whistleblower MovementJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Wife-Mom-Grandma, Jesus is Lord  Patriot Trump2020  on Parler as pennee @penneemwJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Torah Lifestyle, Husband, Father, Attorney, Veteran, Former Republican Congressional Candidate. Re-Tweets  EndorsementI have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.author of The Coming Collapse of China and The Great U.S.-China Tech WarJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.THIS IS THE OFFICIAL MARK LEVIN SHOW TWITTER PAGE. 
DOWNLOAD MY PODCAST FOR FREE https://t.co/HUEgXS3l2CAuthor, "You'd Better Put Some Ice On That" retired RN & business owner, SPEAKER, PROUD TRUMP SUPPORTERJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MAGA #KAG #1A #2A
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.  ~ JeffersonJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. #loveJesus #PrayForUSA #PrayForMexico#PrayForTheWorld #Isaiah4&5 #God is in Control                #Jesus is LordJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.God Devoted, Family, and Q Fan!!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Proud of my country, not my government Enough of the hypocrisy with the Liberal/Left in Canada! Time to take Canada back. A storm is brewing  PPCJohn Steigerwald Show. Mon-Fri 5-6PM on AM1250 The Answer. Over 40 years in Pgh media. Author “Just Watch The Game.” I’ve decided to stop using all pronouns.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian, husband, father, grandfather.  Constitutional conservative, smaller government.  Vietnam Veteran.  #BacktheBlue #AmericaFirstHalf american, half Latin , grandmother. Love love USAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.These Are The Times That Try Men’s Souls.... The Harder The Conflict, The More Glorious The Triumph-Thomas Paine.......My Pronoun Is Patriot#Jesus is Lord. All who call on Him will be saved
 He's coming back.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Former U.S. Navy medical officer, son of USAF officer. #MAGA #NRA
I follow back all Patriots WHO FOLLOW ME.
Equal Justice Under Law - on our Supreme Court.Vietnam Vet  and I am still disillusioned 1st Air Cavalry 2nd and 7th Custer's unit 1968 - 1970 Gary Owen love my Country hate what they've done to it ChristianJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill."There are three things in the world that deserve no mercy — hypocrisy, fraud, and tyranny." —Frederick William Robertson Rightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.Financial Economist, Strategic Planning, Financial Econometric Modeling, Revenue Enhancements Guru #ChristDaKing #ProIsrael #FiscalHawk #BlackConservative #MAGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Lifelong Georgian. Husband, father, military chaplain, Iraq veteran. U.S. Congressman fighting for conservative values. #gapolGod First  #Military #America #Patriot #NRA #LANative  It turns out clinging to our Bibles and guns was the smartest thing we ever did. #VoterPassportsRight Wing Constitutionalist and Political Blogger who enjoys sharing Conservative views. An R/T or a Like mean nothing except that I'm sharing the tweet.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Fiery but mostly peaceful. Critical Race Theory is racist. The 1619 Project is a lie. Pronouns: My Lord, Your Majesty, Zod.  Cuenta Oficial de VOX en Texas.
Correo: texas@exteriores.voxespana.es
Facebook: https://t.co/WB7a0e0sx4
#PorEspañaEverything has begun CCP  Chinese CCP  China Stand with Hong Kong Whistleblower MovementJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFBorn Ethnicity Favorite Team Your  hasn’t really saved anybody. Anti-lockdown since March 2020.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #ketoJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former U.S. Navy medical officer, son of USAF officer. #MAGA #NRA
I follow back all Patriots WHO FOLLOW ME.
Equal Justice Under Law - on our Supreme Court.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Livin & Learnin! As a Man Thinketh in his Heart so He Is. AlphaAlbert @John_Albert on Gab.
#NRAPatriotLifeMember  #KAG #MAGA #CO2IsLife #AllLivesMatterJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Gab link  https://t.co/Q2CTG7N8epMartial Arts Instructor and health enthusiastRetired, former hard working American, father, husband, grandfather. Conservative and supporter of the Constitution of America. 
TRUMP LANDSLIDE  2020Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #ketoJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFThis is an archive of a Trump Administration account, maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration.Author, Death By ChinaThe #IndoPacific geo-politics & balance of power with #China
 
Support #HongKong #Taiwan #QUADBeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFto be more of what I am and better at who I will beJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFDismiss leftist nonsense, woke BLM followers and Bill Gates worldwide Eugenics policy.  #notofacemasks #KBF
on @parler & @gab under the same name.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.#MAGA / KAG Conservative, Fighting to preserve our way of life. I don’t follow people that post profane or offensive tweets.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.God, Family, Country, pets, and life.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.An account to automatically report #coronavirus & #COVID19 stats.
Using open source data from https://t.co/GyCwfsjf7G.
#TwitterBot created by @borderObserverJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Constitution, The Rule of Law, Doing what’s right! investigations,John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.¿predecir o anticipar? los animales son grandes maestros lucidos 
 ¿predict or anticipate? animals are great masters lucidJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Marine Vet (HMH-461), Marine Dad and No longer a SF Giants/MLB Fan, Bay Area Native Romans 1:1-32 "No DM's John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.AMERICA'S DIGITAL NEWS AGGREGATOR OF RECORD
 #America #DigitalWarriors 
We Follow Back All Patriots!
(Retweets Do Not Equal Endorsement!)#IPrayForThePresident

Criminal defense attorney for 28+ years.

If you want fair, the agony of hell is waiting. If not, Stop Whining

#MainStreamMisinformers©™John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.THIS IS THE OFFICIAL MARK LEVIN SHOW TWITTER PAGE. 
DOWNLOAD MY PODCAST FOR FREE https://t.co/HUEgXS3l2CJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements."The illegal we do immediately; the unconstitutional takes a little longer." - Kissinger,  Sec of State, Mar 10, 1975 * https://t.co/6LhHpUesdkJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.We don't rise to the level of our expectations, we fall to the level of our training.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Biden is not my President. R.N. Pro-life, pro-military. Love the Blue! Love God and country. DAR. All DMs die there. Happily married to a Marine. TexasAggie.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.“I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery.” ~ Thomas JeffersonJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative Christian. Love @BeccaRyun. Dad of 4. Jayhawk. CEO @AM_National, @VoterGravity. For media: becca@ryunmedia.com. @theamgreatness Senior Fellow.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Old School, Independent thinker, common sensed American Patriot, Follows Back All Patriot’sJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Love winter on the great Lakes
Summer is best for photos 
Living near the water is an adventure year roundRealtor®, 
Boston Massachusetts | Dog owner  | fueled by the outdoors. 
#ziquesellsbostonWasting away Again!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.mom, wife, love this nationJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, Patriot, Vietnam AF Vet (72-76), MAGA, ProTrump, ProMilitary, ProLife, Pro2A, Dad  WW2 P-51 Fighter Pilot,w/354th Ftr Grp Fra,Awd Silver Star, IFBPJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.1656 2 frères brothers soldat-iers français colonise,protège defend la Nouvelle France, ancètres de from Québec  Illinois, Montana je cherche la femme d'orJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Author, Death By ChinaJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Freedom and government cannot co-exist.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.https://t.co/EteaxWmLy9 websites featuring STRAIGHT TALK & TRUTH FOR THE TIMES. #SevenStepsToMaturity #NarrowRoadFollowerOfJesus #7steps2maturityBeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFBritish is not a colour. Retweets not an endorsement.  DM = Block. No need to be woke with good manners.
English. Woman. Centrist.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Retired Software Quality Engineer, Cord Cutter before it was cool,  Conservative, Pro Life, Cat Lover. Above all else, is freedom!'John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Principal, SHW Partners. Senior Advisor, President Donald J. Trump. Contributor, @Newsmax TV. Always down for the cause, never down for the count. 2 Timothy 1:7Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Matt 10:16 ~Look, I am sending you out like sheep among wolves; therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves~ #Patriot #MAGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.British/Scottish. For Brexit. Don't want Independence. President Trump 2024, Free Speech. Against mass immigration. No PC nonsense. Acrylic & Pastel Artist.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaTHIS IS THE OFFICIAL MARK LEVIN SHOW TWITTER PAGE. 
DOWNLOAD MY PODCAST FOR FREE https://t.co/HUEgXS3l2CJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Gab link  https://t.co/Q2CTG7N8epJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.God .Country. Family.  Pro-life  DM My hubbyJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements./21M. #Bitcoin. Former banker. Amateur speculator. Not investment advice. Opinions are my own. Likes are NOT always endorsements. musician skater gamer  
Follow me everywhere @adamcrigler 
Support me here https://t.co/AEPrdTQqFl
https://t.co/S5GcQoynlbJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I love #America! #MAGA #Trump2020, Not PC - if you are, beat it.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Twitter @Shar_n_Shar
Other platforms = @SharShar45Gab link  https://t.co/Q2CTG7N8epJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Creation of the author whose blog appears here: https://t.co/MEmRq8aubj    Opinions are my own...and should be yoursJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former U.S. Navy medical officer, son of USAF officer. #MAGA #NRA
I follow back all Patriots WHO FOLLOW ME.
Equal Justice Under Law - on our Supreme Court.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian Conservative Independent Vet. proudly supporting our US Military/Vets, Border Patrol, Police. Stay Informed or get hit by Drive-By Media #MAGA #2A NRAJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.50 Shades girl living in a conservative world. Snarky, bisexual, Gemini, Romanian, rock chick. Sorry liberals, I'm out of fucks to give. Only/Two/Sexes John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, Mother, Proud Deplorable. Cardiology . I Support our Constitution, our Military & Veterans   #MAGA #CCOTJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Author, "You'd Better Put Some Ice On That" retired RN & business owner, SPEAKER, PROUD TRUMP SUPPORTERJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesThe #IndoPacific geo-politics & balance of power with #China
 
Support #HongKong #Taiwan #QUADJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.“A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.”  Edward Abbey.HIS GLORY Bringing THE WORD of HIS GLORY to the world. Through a near death experience I had a taste of Heaven and a vision of Jesus. https://t.co/W1ffbs4YCoSenior Fellow in China Studies at @VoCommunism. Researches Xinjiang & Tibet. Author of https://t.co/nfOu7vEoEJJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Patriot Mother of 8, Nana of 25. 
Married 45yrs Love GOD, FAMILY and COUNTRY #Trump2020 
Follow the TRUTH no matter where it leads! John 3:16

No solicitationsJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #ketoJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.I believe in making impossible possible because there’s no fun giving up. No DMs, No time for jerks, you be blocked. #2A ConservativeJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.An immigrant, a believer, a patriot, proud to call myself an American! NO DMs pleaseJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Right Wing Constitutionalist and Political Blogger who enjoys sharing Conservative views. An R/T or a Like mean nothing except that I'm sharing the tweet.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Parler and GAB: @baileyjer | Conservatarian | Vietnam Vet (US Navy) | Radio/TV, Marketing | Christian | MAGA-KAGThe Border Observer (#TBO) watches our borders. Same name (#borderObserver) on parler, gab, telegram, & minds. Have, but not using Instagram, Reddit, or Medium.Attorney. Chair @Greatness_Fund Just The Truth @RealAmVoice @newsmax Special Counsel @ThomasMoreSoc Fmr Senior Legal Adviser & Counsel @POTUS45Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Perhaps Naval Intelligence motto says it best: 'in God We Trust. ALL OTHERS WE MONITOR. Be vigilant. I follow / unfollow back (slow to 'refollow')FOLLOW ME!...I'm Voting for Trump!Gab link  https://t.co/Q2CTG7N8epJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.My name is Scott Denson. Working for a cleaner , better World.  co-host  of This Week in Gigs  .  Give Joel a call , yall .John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Business owner, accountant, marketing director, operations manager, finances, graphic artist, photographer. Writer, traveler, fitness, horses, crafter, charity."Om jag hade vetat att det var omöjligt så hade jag aldrig lyckats"

"If I had known that it was impossible I had never succeeded"God bless America. I'm running to be Arizona's next governor in 2022 Emmy-winning former Arizona news anchor. Find me on FB at TheKariLakeGab/beyondreasons :: Telegram/HotWaterFrogs :: CloutHub/beyond_reasons :: Discord/HotWaterFrogs #5704 :: HiFiven/HotWaterFrogs :: SayScape/beyond_reasonsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.This is an archive of a Trump Administration account, maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration.#RIPRush Don't give up Patriots, don't be silenced, don't be afraid!

#GoBucs #SuperBowl2021 #TomBrady

Followed by @SeanHannity @therealroseanneJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements. Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstThe #IndoPacific geo-politics & balance of power with #China
 
Support #HongKong #Taiwan #QUADJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian Conservative Independent Vet. proudly supporting our US Military/Vets, Border Patrol, Police. Stay Informed or get hit by Drive-By Media #MAGA #2A NRAexperienced knowledgeJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Attorney. Chair @Greatness_Fund Just The Truth @RealAmVoice @newsmax Special Counsel @ThomasMoreSoc Fmr Senior Legal Adviser & Counsel @POTUS45John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.For those who seek the truthJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.As long as we remain loyal to our nation, devoted to our citizens, & faithful to Almighty God, we know the best is yet to come! -President DJT   #MultiRacial #Independent #Conservative #Realist Sarcastic AF.Lover of family, friends, all things Southern and the good ole USA! Happily married. #MAGAWar  Eagle!! WHHOOOHOOO!! I'm proud to be called an American!!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill."Here to Support "The #MAGA movement."  
DJT = #BestPresidentEver & #JoeBidenIsAFraud.
'PRO-LIFE'  #DrainTheSwamp  #BackTheBlue 
On GAB: BreBringJusticeJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Cofounder of @joinlincoln + new co. alum: growth @everlane @stumbleupon and @MittRomney 2012. Saved by grace for   . #skeptic #crossfit #keto#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Retired RN  #TCOT #CCOT Constitutional conservative God & Country I support Troops, Veterans, LEO History is key to future. @sue98765 on Parler.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.AM Drive 6-10a @NJ1015 & Former TV Host/Anchor @foxtv
For Bookings: DM or email billspadea@gmail.com
#SuperSpreaderOfTruthJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Certified Fertility Counselor & Nutritionist, with a passion for helping others transform their lives & achieve their best health.The best government is less government. Freedom matters.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.We The People -Conservative, not GOPe, Christian, 2A all day, military/LEO respect, racing, sports cars, F1, and mountains. NCAA, not NFL. And dogs.Christian conservative from Georgia. #MAGA #KAG Follow me on Parler @marilynbrickelJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Blocked by many  Orange man bad  Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.In Lux et VeritasJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former Congresswoman & 2008 Presidential Nominee for the Green Party.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Equine Hoof Rehab * Cutting Horses * God * Constitution * Conservative * 1A & 2A * Veterans * Freedom * John Wayne * #MAGA #KAG2020 #ForeverAcquittedJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Mother. retired. loved Foodservice industry. Christian. Constitutionalist. Patriot. Lover of rescue dogs. Thankful 4God’s grace &America. Go Chiefs! no DM’s“Leadership is nature’s way of removing morons from the productive flow.” ~ Dilbert ~ #gamecocks #goarmy #coldwarwarriorA happy old guy only looking for the Wise and the Honest in society or the hungry and thirsty in theology.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.“Nobody owns me”. Award-winning Investigative journalist- duPont–Columbia Silver Baton etc. Not a fan of tyranny. Host ‘Lara Logan Has No Agenda’ on @foxnation.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Lightworker, Human Systems Analyst, Vibration Visionary

Awakening is Great.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.An account to automatically report #coronavirus & #COVID19 stats.
Using open source data from https://t.co/GyCwfsjf7G.
#TwitterBot created by @borderObserverJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#WarOnWoke

NATION STATE INDEPENDENCE      #COYSAuthor and ethics prof. I deal in economics, philosophy, theology. Amateur mixologist and certified sommelier. Rome Bureau Chief for Breitbart News.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Re-Tweeting America's #1 NEWS MAKER.
"...and I'm all out of bubblegum."
https://t.co/R8WAzvxr8mConservatarian, 100% Pro-life with no exception.   #   #ResistFascism #ResistBiden #IamJohnGaltJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Physical attraction is common, mental attraction is rare and a gift. Punjabi American Patriot!! Alpha maleJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#TheMighty200   An anonymous Patriot who believes in the Founding principles upon which the United States was built upon.    Give me Liberty or give me Death!!!God, Country, Family. Christian and patriot. Freedom isn’t free.Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Jesus heals the brokenhearted & binds up their wounds.
He'll Heal,Save & Love you too!Call Him Now!
“Believe in the Lord Jesus & you will be saved” (Acts 16:31)John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Official Account of #LOTUS (Lionel of the U.S.) — Emmy® totin’ #Logodaedalus #ExtremeShuffleboard #ProudHusband #LawyerWarrior #Libertist #Polymath #ExpertThis is an archive of a Trump Administration account, maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Attorney. Chair @Greatness_Fund Just The Truth @RealAmVoice @newsmax Special Counsel @ThomasMoreSoc Fmr Senior Legal Adviser & Counsel @POTUS45Mom to Will - Most important role in the world. 
Past Pres. Jr. League of Birmingham, Compassionate Conservative, Catechist, Ex-NYC, DAR, and #PonyFinderRepresenting Arizona's Fighting Fifth.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Fiery but mostly peaceful. Critical Race Theory is racist. The 1619 Project is a lie. Pronouns: My Lord, Your Majesty, Zod. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Sr. IT Recruiter/Writer. The best life is a purpose driven life. Interests: Faith, Music (notably Opera, Classical, Country), Golf, Whole Food Plant Based dietFront Page Editor at @BreitbartNews #bitcoinJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.This is the archived account of former U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert Wilkie (2018-2021).WI talk show host. Right-wing hippie. #Catholic #ProLife #ProMen #KissYourDog #PitBulls #2A #Vape. I would always rather be fishing.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements."Trump!" #MAGA  #CONSERVATIVE #PATRIOT  #GAB #BuildTheWall  @OANN *NEWSMAX* IFBP  #BackTheBlue - Biden Inflation - High Gas Prices - Worst President ever!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Descendant: Puritian John Smith 1634/Sam. Huntington Signer Dec. of Indep. 1776/Jerome Taylor Drummer - Civil War 126th NY INF. 1861/Patriot/Veteran/Husband/DadJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Academic internist & epidemiologist & author of non-medical tomes on Jihad War, Islamic Antisemitism,  & the ShariaHi, I'm Bob, and I'm a children's book writer and illustrator.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.partner @greymattercap. not financial advice.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Dear Followers, Twitter has been censoring me. I will soon be moving to Gab. If  you like my tweets, please follow me on Gab. 
My Gab handle is @Minataur
ThanksJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Lord, protect me from those who don't bear my smile, the love in my eyes, my giant heart, my eternal hope, and my irresistible faith. #ProudPatriot #Godwon 32-Year USAF Combat Vet, enlisted EOD; B-1 Squadron Commander; Wing Commander; Nuclear Ops; 9/11 Pentagon Survivor; Subscribe direct at https://t.co/QvzvhschgbBook out: *Essays on Free Knowledge*
Chief at Knowledge Standards Foundation @ks_found & ex-founder, Wikipedia. Philosopher, fiddler. Long gone from WP. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Snarky bastard, NYTs bestselling author, retired DoD Intelligence Operative, President @theLCPR , producer and actor, Chain of Command and Spy's EyeDocumenting the legal and employment-related impact of COVID-19 mandatesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Free spirit and cool cat at heart. The truth will always prevail, count on it. 

No DM with links please. Private accounts must allow follow backs or blocked.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.HIS GLORY Bringing THE WORD of HIS GLORY to the world. Through a near death experience I had a taste of Heaven and a vision of Jesus. https://t.co/W1ffbs4YCoJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.God First  #Military #America #Patriot #NRA #LANative  It turns out clinging to our Bibles and guns was the smartest thing we ever did. #VoterPassportsJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Hi! Just a single mom, who was a prior service U.S. Army MP and Proud.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Attorney. Chair @Greatness_Fund Just The Truth @RealAmVoice @newsmax Special Counsel @ThomasMoreSoc Fmr Senior Legal Adviser & Counsel @POTUS45I dig, I gather, I share. 
Love my Country Love the REAL POTUS Donald J TRUMP
It aint over yet...
Keep the USA Great!  
https://t.co/7SM7fqIoZZJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.There are no such things as limits to growth, because there are no limits on the human capacity for intelligence, imagination and wonder.
— Ronald ReaganJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Is the lockdown really as benign and necessary as many seem to think? History is littered with stupid and deadly mistakes by leaders.

Skepticism is essential.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. World News //  Paradox Of Tolerance 
islam critical Freedom is never more than a generation awayPrincipal, SHW Partners. Senior Advisor, President Donald J. Trump. Contributor, @Newsmax TV. Always down for the cause, never down for the count. 2 Timothy 1:7Christian, Deplorable, Latina, Reformed Democrat, Love Military, Police. Proudly support POTUS Trump.  Parler & Gab Handle NancyLee2016 Hope to see you there.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaRightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFDog Lover ConservativeI love #America! #MAGA #Trump2020, Not PC - if you are, beat it.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Attorney, Pro-Trump. 
Time to unite & work together for a better America.
It's time for REAL  hope & change!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Representing Arizona's Fighting Fifth.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@Softwar on Parler CEO Softwar Inc., former journalist, author, expert encryption security programmer, developed Quantum based encryption using light.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@FoxNews Contributor, @FoxNation Host, Italian. Scottish. Bookish. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” -Anaïs NinJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I am conservative Hiker and fly fisherman  #MAGA #TRUMP2020 #Buildthewall #Conservative #Walkaway #BluelivesMatter #RedWaveEditor of The Alachua Chronicle @AlachuaChronic1, contributor to @Rational_GroundUnraveling fears one chart at a time // mktg + AI + crypto // data, demographics, and steaks. justinhart.biz@gmail.com // claimed by @jennyerikson. Father to 8!There are no such things as limits to growth, because there are no limits on the human capacity for intelligence, imagination and wonder.
— Ronald ReaganData analysis & research, FL Exec. Office of the Gov. Faith. Family. Friends. Freedom. Fmr CMH, Fmr ATL, present: Tallahassee. Don't let anyone define you.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.TV guy. Twitter leftists call me an "Ammosexual." I tweet what you think but are too afraid to say. Was #NYPD once upon a time.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.LibNotJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Gab: @TinaR185Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I put the 'Fun' in 'Funeral' A Diary from the view of Harley Quinn
''This one dude was a total prick, but he made some epic statues''- Herodotus. True story.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.US Army Veteran, Patriot, Constitutional Conservative. Proud to an American. Live Free or Die! #MAGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.esse est percipi..... ex nihilo nihil fit..... our LORD is Triune with Life in Himself. All Life, Aseity, and Glory belongs to Him!  #50ShadesOfBrownJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.#TheMighty200   An anonymous Patriot who believes in the Founding principles upon which the United States was built upon.    Give me Liberty or give me Death!!!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Republic Viewed in Focus from a Constitutional Perspective • Inquire • Listen • Question Everything • Connect-the-Dots • Respond
Parler/CarrollStandardJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Because of God's tender love for us, he sent his Son, that believing in him we might have eternal life.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The way that it is ... is ... the way that it is ...... and it could not be otherwise ...... #MAGAhard satire/sarcasm
birthday 2/29/1900
finest quality- snarkyJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Here for the COVID-19 data discussion | #RationalGround #SmilesMatterJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.WAS ON ARK WITH NOAH! MAGA Conservative CCOT NRA ProLife, Married, Harvard, Ret Inst Healthcare Mgmt & Policy, RRT, Historian, Battling Leukemia!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.#Mum. Boy 10 yrs & Girl 4 years. WAS HR Manager & Yoga Teacher.  Now #pBlogger #SAHM #Vlogger  
https://t.co/PHssDG2ftUJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Opinion Columnist  Trial AttorneyJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Official Twitter Account for Bernard B. Kerik, 40th Police Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, and NY Times bestselling author.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Free spirit and cool cat at heart. The truth will always prevail, count on it. 

No DM with links please. Private accounts must allow follow backs or blocked.Women, Wine, Woods, Jeeps, Bikes, Mountains, Family, Food & Fun. Just some of the things you used to see (not any more). @gerffs on MeWe politiciansThe Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I have no greater JOY than to hear that my children walk in truth.~ 3 John 1:4 #JesusFirst MAGA Strong Married to @WildAtHeart45John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I Follow Back  it just seems polite.
The Rape Of Character & Integrity In USA Disgusts Me…

DemoRats Hate Me. It's NOT a cross to bear — It's a badge of Honor…Unplug via CloutHub/Parler/FB(?)/IG: @ARedPillReport(78k nuked).“Silence in the face of evil is itself evil: God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.” BonhoefferJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Comedian, host of NYC Crime Report NOW on Cumia Network https://t.co/VROvHfSpr9“Divulgador de noticias veraces” Hokage Libertario. Patriota    -rechaza la clase política ! y tú muy vivo caíste...John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Find the facts. Fight for freedom. And frolic in the flowers. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Proprietor, Doug Ross @ Journal: https://t.co/JUT6aC9nr0

Senior Plumber at BadBlue News: https://t.co/SW6kSVYDf9

Opinions expressed are my own.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.my hubby, son & family, RN, mymy country, diehard Villanovafan,BackTheBlue#MAGA#BoycottTheNFLJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.A leading voice in the L.A. area Tea Party and recognized Conservative writer, contributing to https://t.co/p9malZzHV3 and more...Academic internist & epidemiologist & author of non-medical tomes on Jihad War, Islamic Antisemitism,  & the ShariaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Student Movement Fueled By Freedom A leading voice in the L.A. area Tea Party and recognized Conservative writer, contributing to https://t.co/p9malZzHV3 and more...Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Widow-mom, teacher, we have done enough tolerating each other; time to embrace our shared humanity/simply acknowledge we need each other! #BernieOrGreenJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Biden is not my President. R.N. Pro-life, pro-military. Love the Blue! Love God and country. DAR. All DMs die there. Happily married to a Marine. TexasAggie.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Gab link  https://t.co/Q2CTG7N8epJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian Conservative Independent Vet. proudly supporting our US Military/Vets, Border Patrol, Police. Stay Informed or get hit by Drive-By Media #MAGA #2A NRAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Biden is not my President. R.N. Pro-life, pro-military. Love the Blue! Love God and country. DAR. All DMs die there. Happily married to a Marine. TexasAggie.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. America 1st-#MAGA-Constitutionalist-Patriot-2nd Amendment-NRA “Benefactor”-I stand with Israel  Tweet & RT  EndrsmntJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.Matt 10:16 ~Look, I am sending you out like sheep among wolves; therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves~ #Patriot #MAGAOur government is a criminal enterprise. I  animals more than people. I disrespect rats.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Pragmatic Idealist.
Mission statement: The new abnormal is never going to be normal. Not voting Labour after 30/9/2020!Senior Editor, @HumanEvents. Communism disrespecter. Mandarin linguist.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Deplorable Chump Texas Biker (Or in other words, Patriot to most Americans) Trump has got this. We are the news now. Democrats are, all the evil men do.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Give me Liberty or give me death No DM IFBP Proud Member of the Patriot Party  America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Marxist Revolution is the Opiate of the ProgressivesWe don't rise to the level of our expectations, we fall to the level of our training.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Currently: @DeepRootX | Formerly @TeamTrump, @RonDeSantisFL, & @FloridaGOP | Forever Team USA| Cafecito Connoisseur | Native FL (wo)Man | RTs  EndorsementsVP, Texas Public Policy Foundation @TPPF; @FDRLST Senior Contributor; ret. Army intelligence officer; Calif. Assemblyman, 2004-10; @ClaremontInst Lincoln FellowCandidate for Utah House District 37
Family of 27 - Ron, children, spouses & adorable grandchildren!  The importance of family & their future surpasses allJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.“Nobody owns me”. Award-winning Investigative journalist- duPont–Columbia Silver Baton etc. Not a fan of tyranny. Host ‘Lara Logan Has No Agenda’ on @foxnation.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Operation Shield/Storm  III%rJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements."The Lord will protect you now and always wherever you go." Psalm 121:8 AmenJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.View info Main Stream Media is not Reporting - Equal Opportunity Offender - Sensitive Material - Trump Supporter - R/T not an endorsementJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.CEO/Partner McLaughlin&AssociatesThe Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.Happily Retired Mom of 3, Political JunkieI post short clips of important news so you don’t have to Watch the news all day. Things maybe spelled crazy but my hands don’t work and I use Siri to type.Do you wonder where all censored people go? Check https://t.co/5cMLw4xWwC. CensoredByByBigTech, now Parler is back on. Freedom is back. News hound from birth  MAGA  No longer a Republican On Gab....@Nameless1God ,Family,country,and when no one is watching i try to do the right thing! *So* don't tell me what to do , i wont tell You where to go !   God Bless AmericaJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Vietnam Vet  and I am still disillusioned 1st Air Cavalry 2nd and 7th Custer's unit 1968 - 1970 Gary Owen love my Country hate what they've done to it ChristianJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Physical attraction is common, mental attraction is rare and a gift. Punjabi American Patriot!! Alpha maleCounty GOP Area Leader | Constitutionalist | Patriot | Populist | Economic Nationalist | America First | #SaveAmerica | #MAGAJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.just a star living on earth for a while diaphanous. ethereal. creator. charmed one. talker. déjà.| dallas-houston | UHKatie's second cousin. Thess's first husband. Retired writing instructor. BA, MA, MA, MA ("Four degrees and you haven't done anything." -Richard Benitez, 1993).Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I am not a Republican nor am I a Democrat. I am an American who supports President Donald J. Trump. MAGA 

 PornTrollsDear Followers, Twitter has been censoring me. I will soon be moving to Gab. If  you like my tweets, please follow me on Gab. 
My Gab handle is @Minataur
ThanksJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilBiden is not my President. R.N. Pro-life, pro-military. Love the Blue! Love God and country. DAR. All DMs die there. Happily married to a Marine. TexasAggie.Mom, Proud American,Healthcare/ Rehabilitation Medicine, Service before Self, Community services board member, Former nominee for Sully Dist Board of SupervisorAuthor, Hispanic Literature, History of the Novel, Violence and CultureJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.No original content, just sharing what I find surfing the web. Occasionally color commentary. THAT’S ME!Host of #TheLizWheelerShow, one of most-anticipated new video podcasts of the year. Subscribe for new episodes three times each week!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.“Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.” 
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Parler@ OtherSideoftheMountainJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Now retired from the Navy and the Federal Civil Service, Rick looks forward to teaching, interacting with students in the sciences, and traveling.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Elitests hate us; the deplorables & masses.
Contact elected Pols
https://t.co/bzVs3sW0Lw
Pelosi 202-225-4965John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Life is too short to begin tweets with clichéd sayings.Provide insight and inspiration into the Word, integrate science, religion, spirituality, and psychology. I learned to heal. I am full time chaplain/ministerJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Is it safe for the innocent yet? I was Dem. Believed TV UN CDC DOJ WHO EU NYT MSM! Now I see liberals profit from lies. KKK were Dems, Fascists were Socialists!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.NYPD ret, J.D. fb @JessieJaneDuff @mschlapp @mercedesschlapp @DLoesch @JimGeraghty @CamEdwards @JrzyJoePiscopo @deneenborelli @JaniceDean @SaraCarterDCJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Official Account  

Join Telegram Chat  https://t.co/xcqNXzEQ8H

News & Info
https://t.co/dIoCprkfC3 https://t.co/KmxStRc3Nh https://t.co/t4mSlYevbkJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.HIS GLORY Bringing THE WORD of HIS GLORY to the world. Through a near death experience I had a taste of Heaven and a vision of Jesus. https://t.co/W1ffbs4YCoJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Dear Followers, Twitter has been censoring me. I will soon be moving to Gab. If  you like my tweets, please follow me on Gab. 
My Gab handle is @Minataur
ThanksJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Israel advocate, forensic psych, NRA/pro-lifer, identifying risks to Jewish homeland & Jewish people. Israel MediaBias Watchdog veteran. #JEXIT Founder. MAGANevada Matters. Activist. Commentator.  All views & opinions are my own.Independent global affairs analyst, journalist, radio host, TV broadcaster, fierce critic of mainstream media propaganda. Luv'in the Old Normal. https://t.co/YliYe40pMrJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.WAS ON ARK WITH NOAH! MAGA Conservative CCOT NRA ProLife, Married, Harvard, Ret Inst Healthcare Mgmt & Policy, RRT, Historian, Battling Leukemia!Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Conservative because I love my freedom and my God. IFB. We are the media now. #MAGA. Deplorable, Despicable CovfefeGoogle IS evil.Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.God, Family, & Country.  North Texas Patriot #ProLife, #ProIsreal #Silentmajoritynomore #MAGA2020 Parler @Dmccluskey101

Parler Dmccluskey101John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.An independent electronic media company specializing in the collection & publication of public opinion info since 2003. 330M Twitter impressions in 2020.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.An opinionated, patriotic political junkie in Goldwater country. #Populist with a little bit of outrage mixed in. #NotATroll #Resist #NotMyPresidentJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFSpicy RioT  I hv b’come Boss LvL Meme, Gif destroyer of worlds. https://t.co/3NwxCw8IvxJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Dear Followers, Twitter has been censoring me. I will soon be moving to Gab. If  you like my tweets, please follow me on Gab. 
My Gab handle is @Minataur
ThanksRemember me, LORD, 
when you show favor to your people, 
come to my aid when you save them, 
(Psalms 106:4)John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MAGA #BacktheBlue #BlueLivesMatter #TrumpTrain #1A #2A #LEO #Military #Veteran #Vets #POTUS45 #KAGJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.America the beautiful, land of the free, equal rights and opportunity for all.  I LOATHE whiny spoiled cry babies who expect SPECIAL TREATMENT.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I hear fiddles & smell smoke. A time for choosing is upon us. “Problematic White Woman” who wears it like a badge. Writer @PJMedia_comI am not a hyphenated American I AM AN AMERICAN, Trump, Constitutionalist , Jewish, Greatest gratitude for our HEROES who put their life on the line for us John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Representing Arizona's Fighting Fifth.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.INDEPENDENT NEWS- HEALTH - GENERAL - OPINION AGGREGATOR
DISLAIMER: RTs/follows are not to be read unfairly as endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Libertarian. Nationalist. 
ALP/LNP are essentially the same.
@OneNationAus supporter. 
Not politically correct.
Sport - AFL, racing.
GAB: @OzAntiLeftJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Seasoning social discourse throughout the world, my opinions are my own.#MAGA ,#KAG, Bucaneers, Gators and Steelers fan. Christian, #1A, Animal rights ,PRO Israel, #BREXIT,  SRV, Scorpions,#BLUE, #2A,Pro all life, Fearless, GEMINI John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian/Conservative/Retired Iraq War Veteran/


 
Articles & Blogs by Patricia L. Dickson
https://t.co/OtfgCz6rh2John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Magically SuspiciousJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.I came to Twitter to find out what’s been happening while I was asleep / a sheep. I post what’s interesting to me. Figure out for yourself whether it is true.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Host of A Nightly Talk Show for Current Events, History, Culture, Comedy, and The Great Beyond. (Gab: @QuiteFrankly)John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#NoMoreRegimeChange #FreeAssange #AntiEstablishment It’s People v Establishment #unite #YellowVests RT not endorsement WE MUST HAVE ELECTION INTEGRITYJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Joe Biden is an illegitimate President.  "Voter Suppression" is a ruse for Voter Fraud.  Free Julian Assange.  Nationalism before Globalism.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Palestinian American, democratic socialist organizer. #FreePalestine She/Her #1u #loveislove #StopSuicide #3rdReconstructionJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.SF 1976, Suicide Club, Real Foods, Macromedia, Adobe. Pandemic delayed needed CA exit. I tuned out after McConnell said "No evidence." May tweet again someday.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Delivering news programs and live-event coverage that captures the authentic voice and passion of real people all across America. Just Real News & Honest Views!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Preparing warriors for the battleground of ideasJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Husband. Design Engineer. Ferris alumnus. Millennial. Fighter for Liberty. Limited government = more freedom. #BalancedBudgetAmendmentJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.These are the years that we will look back on and question whether we did enough for our country and for our children.~A. Breitbart,Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Official Twitter for Congressman Matt Gaetz. Proud conservative who is honored to serve the First District of Florida.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.The Official Twitter Account for Bernard B. Kerik, 40th Police Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, and NY Times bestselling author.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Representing activities & views of the Iranian diaspora,
promoting democratic change by the people for #FreeIran
Voice of #IranProtests
#IStandWithMaryamRajaviJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Rebuilding My Account Silencing Conservatives Is Not The American Way    I Follow Back Patriots #TRUMP2024 #KAG  #MAGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Retired!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Happily Retired Mom of 3, Political JunkieJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Believer. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFReagan White House, American Spectator, NewsBusters, Daily Caller. Penn Live. Author. Interests: Politics, religion, writing, media.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.A Conservative seeking the TRUTH.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Brand Ambassador. Empower Yourself.  Empower Others. Inspiring KindnessJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The Trumpster is into truth and honesty wherever it can be found.  20 January but a date and a ploy. The REAL action is now.



RT's not an endorsement.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.'Murica
Pronouns: Gnip/GnopJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Magically SuspiciousJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Small Business Owner. Independent. #maga This is a recovered account that had 46k. Twitter just let me follow back.   TY for your patience.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.The man with the golden stethoscope. Amateur Jew. Aspiring house husband. Scourge of the seas. Trump Won Biden Cheated Served ARNG  RT'd by Pres. Trump #AmericaFirstJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@OANN Chief White House Correspondent | https://t.co/Ul5TsBCJJD | https://t.co/68u4uYyM5i | Chanel's OAN Reports here: https://t.co/NLLGchnU2sJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.American Capitalist. Founder, Publisher; Vertical Research Advisory. Top Performing Investment & Economic Advisory (35 Yrs) Daily Mkt Podcast #BitcoinJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.I voted for President Trump!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.WAS ON ARK WITH NOAH! MAGA Conservative CCOT NRA ProLife, Married, Harvard, Ret Inst Healthcare Mgmt & Policy, RRT, Historian, Battling Leukemia!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Representing Arizona's Fighting Fifth.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Strategic thinker, author, commentatorJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Freelancer . Football supporter. It is good to warm yourself in someone else's glow.
I don't answer emails, I don't have time....John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Horse trainer/Hay farmer, Old Saddle Bronc Rider - Trying to be as good as my  & think I am. Democracy killed The Republic. Married #HaySeedHick #JesusSavesJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Former New Leftist, editor of Ramparts, author of Radical SonJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#TheMighty200   An anonymous Patriot who believes in the Founding principles upon which the United States was built upon.    Give me Liberty or give me Death!!!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Conservative mother/grandma, AFbrat/spouse of USAF retiree: glad 2B be part of changing America back 2what she was B4 progressives dragged it into their gutter.Dedicated to circumventing THE EVER MORE RADICAL POLITICAL NARRATIVE of the Western Press, of Cynical Big Business & of Governing Elites in Western CountriesJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Physician fighting for independent medical practice and community solutions to social problems. More regulations and big government are not the answerJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Happily Married!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.@FoxNews Contributor, @FoxNation Host, Italian. Scottish. Bookish. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.” -Anaïs Nin“Silence in the face of evil is itself evil: God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.” BonhoefferChristian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MAGA #Trump2020
 
Proud Member of the NRA. Big MMA Fan, Muay Thai, Boxing, Kickboxing!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian conservative from Georgia. #MAGA #KAG Follow me on Parler @marilynbrickelJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.ROCKET SCIENTIST/BOND TRADER EXTRAORDINAIRE.

"BE THE HAMMER, NOT THE NAIL".John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian conservative from Georgia. #MAGA #KAG Follow me on Parler @marilynbrickelJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Strict Constitutionalist. Believe our rights come from God. We are all in this together but not at the point of govt gun.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Christian, husband, father, grandfather.  Constitutional conservative, smaller government.  Vietnam Veteran.  #BacktheBlue #AmericaFirstHappily Married!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Follow @RealTINA40

Radical Disassembled Societal Comedian Constructed Wokeyism is Jokeyism

The Conspiracy Rant Theorist

Boost https://t.co/wDUol2cdlc News hound from birth  MAGA  No longer a Republican On Gab....@Nameless1Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Our Rights come from God, not government. Physician/Patient/Survivor/ Wife/Mother of 4 daughters/ SmallBizOwner/Limited Government/ No Socialized Medicine/TexanJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.'Heralding the arrival of the Antichrist'
...while wearing a 'mask'.

'real'="anti"
I am an "anti" AntiChrist.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Glad Trump opened America’s eyes. Grateful for blessings of God: family and a goofy pup. Here to stay abreast of politics, current events and funny memes.retired General Motors,single,son of ww2DAVJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Independent global affairs analyst, journalist, radio host, TV broadcaster, fierce critic of mainstream media propaganda. Luv'in the Old Normal. https://t.co/YliYe40pMrJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Happily Married!Pragmatic & bold thinker in a world full of tug-of-war • US Immigrant family • Uniquely multi-cultured • America 1st Advocate • Kneels only to GODBeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Uniquely island local with a window on the world. Site 2009-2019, closed/archived. News/opinions by retired publisher/editor. John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!Trump 2024Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.@Newsmax White House Correspondent. "Politics is downstream of culture & culture is downstream of religion." Join me at https://t.co/wVQsnFXLgA.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Investor and writer interested in economics, geo-politics, history, travel and just, lasting peace. Proud father of two fine young adults.Christian, Deplorable, Latina, Reformed Democrat, Love Military, Police. Proudly support POTUS Trump.  Parler & Gab Handle NancyLee2016 Hope to see you there.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill. America The Beautiful; MAGA Lives On; Truth & Justice  Support Our Military  @admphilJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Fear is a reaction — Courage is a decisionJust the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Rightwing populist. Censored for 2020 election truth telling. Fighting corporate fascists and “woke” communists.#ChinaJoe. #MAGA always.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.Wife & mom. Accused of being that crazy conservative aunt and proud of it. News junkie but not of #fakenews. #MAGA #Trump2020 #Women4Trump 19th POTUS DJT.MAGA! rescue,Spiritual Israel,Constitution,End UN!,AntiGlobal #FreeHongKong #FreeIran ANTIZION=ANTISEM BLM/ANTIFA r TERRORISTS#MilitaryFamily #CyberSecurity Personal IMHO acct here. I ask tough questions. All tweets subject to misinterpretation. Proudly Biracial.THIS IS THE OFFICIAL MARK LEVIN SHOW TWITTER PAGE. 
DOWNLOAD MY PODCAST FOR FREE https://t.co/HUEgXS3l2CJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Twitter account of the first President of the Divided States of China, President XidenJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Book out: *Essays on Free Knowledge*
Chief at Knowledge Standards Foundation @ks_found & ex-founder, Wikipedia. Philosopher, fiddler. Long gone from WP. Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Physical attraction is common, mental attraction is rare and a gift. Punjabi American Patriot!! Alpha maleJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Believer & Conservative. There is right and wrong. Your earthly assignment is to discern between the two! #MAGA #KAG   Search Suggestion BannedJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.It’s a new day and a new world. And it belongs to we the people.  John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Putting the fire out when they come in too hot!!!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.These Are The Times That Try Men’s Souls.... The Harder The Conflict, The More Glorious The Triumph-Thomas Paine.......My Pronoun Is PatriotJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.One Nation Under God,conservative , dog lover, #CCOT, #1A, #2A,#ProLife,M,#Pitbulls,#BacktheBlue;. John 14:6John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.President, Security Studies Group & former Army Special Forces Weapons. Author of Winning the Second Civil War: Without Firing a Shot.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.defending Western Civilisation
"and march to your front like a soldier"
Rudyard KiplingFinancial Economist, Strategic Planning, Financial Econometric Modeling, Revenue Enhancements Guru #ChristDaKing #ProIsrael #FiscalHawk #BlackConservative #MAGAJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Official account of Rounder Life Media • The Casino Lifestyle Destination • Gaming, news, politics, entertainment, sports & more • RT  endorsement Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Someone who believes we are all equal & should celebrate our differences!  Work together to fight hatred, bullying, racism. Compromise & find real solutions!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.#maga, #conservative. I am on twitter to support Donald Trump and his followers. He, and they, believe in freedom. Don’t like that, stay clear of us! #ccot #kagJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.George Mentz JD MBA - CEO - Award Winning Author - Professor -#2 in World Wealth Influencer- Seigneur Fief Blondel - Lawyer - Proud Sicilian/Hispanic/Asian/et.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.We're all biased, “naive realists” who believe we see the world objectively, whereas those who disagree are inherently irrational...John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.PSALMS 91
January 19, 2021
Remember this day -
Stock market above 30 K. 
US is energy independent. 
Gas under two dollars a gallon,
And no new wars in four yrsChristian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Political Correspondent/Video Journalist RTs are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.Life is what you make it. Life is good. 
Have 3 sons. Married to veteran. Not looking for a relationship.  monitte  is  Parler ID.Official Twitter for Congressman Matt Gaetz. Proud conservative who is honored to serve the First District of Florida.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Stand Strong - Do NOT Waiver 

Still Smiling, Laughing & Enjoying LIFE because They can NOT STEAL THAT From US TOO - Don't ALLOW IT!John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.DplrableSiVlyEscapeeOSINT/SOCMINT#JOBS#ECONOMYMighty200PatriotsInTunePitCrew https://t.co/zp0qqW6PzqHRDNTHEGRIDNOWNOTABOTBeliever. Columnist + Broadcaster. Senior Fellow @IWFJohn Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.John Solomon is an award-winning investigative journalist and founder of Just the News. He has worked at AP, WaPo, TWT, and The Hill.Christian, lover of Israel, patriotic American, nature lover in awe of God's handiwork.Just the News is a nonpartisan news media brand based in Washington, D.C. committed to just reporting facts from journalists. RTs/likes are not endorsements.