In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Diablo Rising Tide works towards climate and environmental justice in the Bay Area -- while confronting the roots cause of climate change.I expose fascists via #OSINT, get them fired, de-homed, kicked out of school, etc. “Your work is a endless black hole of destruction." --Neo-Nazi John CamdenIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.The Libertarian Socialist Caucus (@dsa_lsc) of the Democratic Socialists of America (@demsocialists) in NYC and the metro areaI expose fascists via #OSINT, get them fired, de-homed, kicked out of school, etc. “Your work is a endless black hole of destruction." --Neo-Nazi John Camdenyou know why.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.probably boutta get banned for exposing nazis. dont cry for me, I'm already deadIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.“Everybody has to die Firdaus. I will die and you will die. The important thing is how to live until you die.”— Nawal El SaadawiIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Co-author (with Robin Yassin-Kassab) of 'Burning Country: Syrians in Revolution and War', Pluto Press.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.mom, educator, anti-racism/social justice activist, choreographer, filmmakerIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Prole. Writer. Youtubeist. they/them
Co-host of @vgatwtoe and @agabpod
: https://t.co/kwTn6IcAcX
Patreon: https://t.co/HeX5Pr8I02
Twitch: https://t.co/B8JkJKNWymGlobal non-violent direct action movement demanding a response to the climate and ecological emergency. We want #CitizensAssemblies to decide the way forward Black Ntv. Freedmen. She/They. Podcastin', Sensitivity Reading, Book Editing rabble rouser -tweets do not represent my employers-In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.is on an adventure of personal growth.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.editor @gawker (coming soon!!!), co-host @straightiolab, comedian, tv writer. inside the lump was my twin.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Anarchist video collective. Cranking out radical films since 1994. Support our work: https://t.co/udFqe1ncMjConfronting the Root Causes of Climate ChangeIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.The CrimethInc. Ex-Workers' Collective (CWC) is a decentralized anarchist collective comprised of many cells that act independently in pursuit of a freer world.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Attempting integrality, radically. Write and translate for @IGD_News and @ElEnemigoComun. De vez en cuando, tuiteo en español.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Sometimes I make YouTube videos
Twitch https://t.co/GkEJ7FiOlC
Patreon https://t.co/kGEBnfX32M
PayPal https://t.co/UfdTjSLDhGIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.I expose fascists via #OSINT, get them fired, de-homed, kicked out of school, etc. “Your work is a endless black hole of destruction." --Neo-Nazi John CamdenIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.rebel girl writing a book on labor @onesignalpub / freelance union maid @teenvogue @thebafflermag / correspondent @therealnews @means_tv kimkellywrites@gmail In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.i write and i sleep and that’s pretty much it. disabled queer jew with a dog. learning/unlearning always. i like elephants and antifascism#Rotunda10 alum #FollowBlackWomen #SayHerName #DoAntiRacism #EndIsraeliImpunityIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.All Black Everything. Teacher. Blogger. Activist. Brother. Son. Contact: zellie.imani@gmail.comIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Working class people building independent organizations for neighbourhood power in Parkdale.I expose fascists via #OSINT, get them fired, de-homed, kicked out of school, etc. “Your work is a endless black hole of destruction." --Neo-Nazi John CamdenIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.#ProudBoys Subject Matter ExpertPublic AcademicDancerHost @glitterpillpod @khalifaihler FellowContactIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Attempting integrality, radically. Write and translate for @IGD_News and @ElEnemigoComun. De vez en cuando, tuiteo en español.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.“Nobody owns me”. Award-winning Investigative journalist- duPont–Columbia Silver Baton etc. Not a fan of tyranny. Host ‘Lara Logan Has No Agenda’ on @foxnation.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.Anarchist video collective. Cranking out radical films since 1994. Support our work: https://t.co/udFqe1ncMjIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.network of self-organized prisoner study groups building abolitionist community behind and across prison walls; posts by nonimprisoned comrades. #FreeThemAllIn search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.In search of new forms of life. A media platform for reports, podcasts, columns, and analysis of revolt and social struggles from an anarchist perspective.