Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Official Account of Andrew Pollack | Father of Meadow, @PollackHunter and @HuckPollack | Author of "Why Meadow Died"Wife of retired Marine #Constitution#  #God #Country #Patriot # Political #NRA#2nd A, CONSERVATIVE!@dalejr88.USED TOwatching @Nascar.my dog Dexwho clearly has #SpeciesIdentityConfusion?#Pro2A.Follow/RT does NOT=endorsement!Read https://t.co/FHedv2fYPm & listen to the podcast. News and views on British Columbia and beyond, from @BobMackin. Tips? https://t.co/mVUu2AoixgOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Licensed Bail Agent since 1996. Notary Public. Wedding Officiant. M.S. Forensic Sciences. B.S. in Education, Texas Ex - Hook’em Horns The Official Twitter Account for Bernard B. Kerik, 40th Police Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, and NY Times bestselling author.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Promoting Critical Thinking"Son of the Republic, Look and Learn" - George Washington.  ETH: 0xdc7aaa8c0314aede503769fbdff39b9c44323a35American SilverbackOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Host of the Law Enforcement Today Radio Show, also a music radio DJ and retired Baltimore Police Sergeant.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!DisabledArmy #Vet~God/Bible/Country~Constitution&Family=IsBlood+Brothers/Sisters ByOtherMothers/Misters~DAR1600’s~#CodeOfVets #MAGA #KAG #SaluteToServiceOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Part true crime show, part cop show and a human interest show all in one. There is no other talk radio show or podcast like this.Defending the Right to Bail.Twitter account for https://t.co/vjbaOD8H1sFitness Professional, chilehead, animal lover, car enthusiast, dedicated family man!Connecting Entrepreneurship, Social Media with Personal & Business Consulting. We can build together! 
732-889-5314Texas Independence!  We will restore our freedom and God given Rights. I will not comply. I pledge my life, fortune and sacred honor.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Former Director, Special Ops Div. 28 yrs in fed law enf. Nat security and public safety executive. Brother died in Afghanistan, USAF#MALTZCHALLENGEPa7riot, 2A,  C0nstitutional C0nservative, Christ1an, Bass player, Pr0 life advocate.Our C0nstitution makes us great. ISTJ -John 16:33Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Not here to Argue w/Snowflakes. Been places, Seen things & Share Knowledge 99% Most Dont recall nor wanna Believe as History's being Erased & Rewritten. #MAGA“Search Warrant” #Crime, #Corruption & #MediaBias - hosts: Veteran Buffalo City Detective, Veteran Canadian-Pacific Police Captain & Veteran NCIS Special AgentOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!NYC Born/Raised, Retired from The Greatest Show on Earth as a NYPD Detective. National Law Enforcement Media Contributor NewsmaxTV, OANN, FoxNews, LET, EpochOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!life is whatever you make it
no money to donate no dates 
Trump is Gone but Not Forgotten, Stand & Fight.... So Many Rinos to primary #PatriotParty I Follow Back We need to Stick Together...IT'S NOT OVEROwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Granddaughter of a naval commander, daughter of a West Point graduate, Third generation Trojan, USC, niece of William Clark, the explorer
No flirty dm'sOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Independent voter, Hispanic Legal Immigrant, Small Biz Owner. 

FACT - Crooked politicians exist on both sides of the aisle.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Conservative #Christian Patriot#1A#2A#DogloverOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!The current American political and geopolitical issues and World events, Research, Science, Religion and their nexus. Support my work: https://t.co/wbgKck1vFmConservative #Christian Patriot#1A#2A#DogloverOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Retired D.O.N. CIVIL SERVANT: SUBASE SUPPLY SUPV&MGR & SUPSHIP SHIP SURVEYOR & Q.A.S.: I want to help President Trump & Team #MAGA For US = A.B.M.#1579 “Search Warrant” #Crime, #Corruption & #MediaBias - hosts: Veteran Buffalo City Detective, Veteran Canadian-Pacific Police Captain & Veteran NCIS Special AgentOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!pronouns - Smith & Wesson -
My  belongs to @minxy99
GOA,ZelmanPartisans 
#TINVOWOOT
 #Collapsitarian
#BTFSTTG 
#Taxationistheft 
#chronicpain #opioidhysteriaOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!DisabledArmy #Vet~God/Bible/Country~Constitution&Family=IsBlood+Brothers/Sisters ByOtherMothers/Misters~DAR1600’s~#CodeOfVets #MAGA #KAG #SaluteToServiceOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Author of 'Jihadist Psychopath', Editor of Frontpage Magazine, Host of The Glazov Gang.Conservative thinker/writer. Believe in God & Country, and a free America where the govt is the servant of the people & not the other way around.Examiner of life and all it has to offer. Lover of humor and critical thinking.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!#FlynnWins    
Live one day at a time . 
#Lifematters

  USAFgroundpounderOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Off here since Biden was elected. Back once in a while. Christian Conservative #TERMLIMITS #Vets #NRA 2 accts banned w/thousands of followers Damn twitter! MAGA#TRUMP2020#MAGA#KAG#NRA#USA#USCONSTITUTION#WALKAWAY#FREESPEECH#DRAINTHESWAMP#AMERICA#BUILDTHEWALL#VOTERIDmy hobby history and footballClaims of Fraud were silenced, 1000's of affidavits signed were silenced. 1000s more votes than registered voters. Is this the USA or is it VenezuelaOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Patriot - nuff saidRetd Air Marshal, IAF, Fighter Pilot. Director General Centre for Air Power Studies (CAPS). Former member AFT & Executive Council JNU. Author.(I FOLLOW BACK MOST) MAGA Patriot-Irish-Cult 45 Looking for variety of content. @easytime on Parler & https://t.co/iY5FZgfGju.  USA Help VeteransWe don't rise to the level of our expectations, we fall to the level of our training.Mom, author, host, The Ingraham Angle, 10p ET @FoxNews. Retweets do not = EndorsementsThe current American political and geopolitical issues and World events, Research, Science, Religion and their nexus. Support my work: https://t.co/wbgKck1vFmOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Futurist, early adopter, trend setter, and world traveler who enjoys wit & wisdom as a transhumanist.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!The National Police Support Fund is national political coalition of grassroots supporters committed to promoting the interests of America’s police officers.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Christian, patriot, maga  Biden will never be my president!#LifeCoach, , #holistic #lifestyle  #MAGA  SELF PUBLISHED BOOK. Fearless & Fierce on https://t.co/9OgSFDXorAOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Portrait photography. AI/ML. Energy. Climate. Finance. Plus, how on earth do we deal w misinformation / persuasion / polarization in our public discourseOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Useful resources and jobs for PIOs and #publicsector #crisiscomms pros / media management tools / working hard to build a valuable community of communicatorsOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!#Kansas #RedNationRising account. Grassroots organization for Education, Constitution and Civics.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Musician specializing in classic (southern) rock sound (Guitars, Bass) Married. Love Jesus CHRIST, my wife, our grand kids & their parents & my parents.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Filling my life with passions: books, Scotland, genealogy, history, faith, family and Dr Who :)Surviving mainly on coffee, often laced with sarcasm. Lover of books, bikes, barbells, kettlebells & whiskey. At peace amongst the trees. CEO of #TreeClub Former Police Armed Response Sgt. 30 yr service.
Author of 'Firearms and Fatals', Police Consultant,  Public Speaker and former D&C, VIP,  ARV and Traffic Cop.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Author, "You'd Better Put Some Ice On That" retired RN & business owner, SPEAKER, PROUD TRUMP SUPPORTEROwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Part true crime show, part cop show and a human interest show all in one. There is no other talk radio show or podcast like this.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Useful resources and jobs for PIOs and #publicsector #crisiscomms pros / media management tools / working hard to build a valuable community of communicatorsOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Host of the Law Enforcement Today Radio Show, also a music radio DJ and retired Baltimore Police Sergeant.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Forward progress. I like people & different perspectives. Politically fluid. Bad at humor. Breakfast Club labels are all we need #genx#zombies#Pastor #KJVBible thumping defender of the unadulterated Gospel of Jesus Christ. #FireFighter #NavyVet #USN

FB @gregabbott_TX @DineshDSouzA @sentedcruz #RedNationRising account. Grassroots organization for Education, Constitution & Civics. #2ADefender #MolonLabe #NRAOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Standing Up for Freedom. We will not relinquish our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

Parler: SU4FThe Next Generation of Conservatives® | Voter Opinion Network | Free Markets | Limited Government | by @DonaldTeel | https://t.co/TNqt79C4aS | #GOP #TPUSA #YAFThe Official Twitter Account for Bernard B. Kerik, 40th Police Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, and NY Times bestselling author.Part true crime show, part cop show and a human interest show all in one. There is no other talk radio show or podcast like this.Patriot, Conservative, Support Troops & Officers.  Liberalism is a sickness! No porn. Not dating  DM if I don't follow backOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!DieHard Cowboy Fan, 41 Yrs Drilling O&G Wells in TX, NM, OK, KS. #MAGAOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Christian, patriot, maga  Biden will never be my president!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Since 1965, the Boston Police Patrolmen's Association has been dedicated and devoted to protecting and serving those who protect and serve the city of Boston.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Standing Up for Freedom. We will not relinquish our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

Parler: SU4FOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Reporter/Producer/Multimedia Journalist; also  hiking, walking, fitness, wildlife, nature,
optimistic attitudes.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Husband • Father • Servant Leader • President (LAAPOA) • Board of Directors (PORAC) • Co-founder (AAAPO) • Inspirational Speaker #UnionStrongOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement! Proud husband, father, American and conservative! I fly the  proudly!  Cubs   Bears Blackhawks Celtics @Conserv8320 on Parler & Gab Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Livin & Learnin! As a Man Thinketh in his Heart so He Is. AlphaAlbert @John_Albert on Gab.
#NRAPatriotLifeMember  #KAG #MAGA #CO2IsLife #AllLivesMatterOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!25Yr Former Reality TV Producer/Show Creator.  Now, A Professional Hellywood Swamp Drainer.  #TheWhiteHatPress Coming #Soon.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Human-not animalOIF/OEF Vetborn freefollowing path of least resistanceCHRISTKAG#Bitcoin Voyager app-Use code 4E8ED0 to get $25 of free BitcoinOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement! ‘Black & White Army Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Avid Trump Supporter, Conservative Patriot who loves America, #MAGA, #Trump 2020, Government & Politics, IFB#JesusChristShiningLight ! #TrumpWon #MAGA Twitter backed down, #AshliBabbit #proLife#AbortionIsMental-IllnessOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!EmpatheticOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Hated and underrated. Tops in radio.  New TV hour. Twitter hates this account. https://t.co/3bsPRDkY8DOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Christian PK, Pro-Lifer.  the Lord, Fam & Freedom.  Supporter of our Military, Vets, LEO'S, 1st Responder. #NRA, 2A.  #NYRican #MAGA. #TRUMPWONOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Entertainment & Fashion Industry News and Views / World Beat.
Support my work: https://t.co/wbgKck1vFmOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!If Democrats don't think walls work, let's build one and put them on the other side. #MAGA Pronouns: American / PatriotOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Born  Legally came to US CitizenLife Laughter Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Conservative. Believe in our Constitution and Bill of Rights. PATRIOT!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!I'm just here to lurk, I don't give a shit about followers.Providing news, tips, discounts, deals, and anything else we find that can help make a police officer's life better. Presented by California Casualty.To anyone who reads this, I hope you are feeling good and happy. I am. -It's All Led To This- I love my fiancé @JoyShiningStar  -Till the End of Time-Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!I am FIRE! I am conservative!  We will fight for our rights. Together we will conquer & WIN #Love #Life #Happiness #musicParler: @DaeJordanOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Getting it yet? They believe the very existence of humans  is the “virus”. This has never been about a “virus”.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Human-not animalOIF/OEF Vetborn freefollowing path of least resistanceCHRISTKAG#Bitcoin Voyager app-Use code 4E8ED0 to get $25 of free BitcoinWAS ON ARK WITH NOAH! MAGA Conservative CCOT NRA ProLife, Married, Harvard, Ret Inst Healthcare Mgmt & Policy, RRT, Historian, Battling Leukemia!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Conservative. Believe in our Constitution and Bill of Rights. PATRIOT!American Patriot, Jesus loving, happily single, Feisty MommaTiger!! #Conservative #Trump #Maga #KAG #PatriotOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Website: https://t.co/Ke2Iu6bk9J Instagram: https://t.co/WKTO0StbPZ Youtube: https://t.co/IizR0XB5PW"When all this is over, we may well find that the biggest international variable isn’t the number of preventable deaths. It is the damage to the living."Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Happily engaged! God fearing patriotic American! Proud member of the OmarGosh Fam!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Colonel USMC RetiredOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!"The most effective political manipulation is achieved by raw emotion" - Dan Crenshaw 
#TrumpRepublican 
#DefundPoliticiansOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Multifamily Marketing, Mother, Grandmother and #MAGA2020Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Part true crime show, part cop show and a human interest show all in one. There is no other talk radio show or podcast like this.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!President, Judicial Watch. (These are my personal views only!) NEW BOOK: A Republic Under Assault: https://t.co/S0oL7Z0oI2
https://t.co/g13e9b34gaDad...RealistOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement! 12:02      https://t.co/S5U9goxtsw"When all this is over, we may well find that the biggest international variable isn’t the number of preventable deaths. It is the damage to the living."Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Strong conservative!.  #Vets #BacktheBlue #2nd Deus vult! Memento Mori! Semper ut præpararentur ad bellum estote parati in proelium (Derameth™)Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!We don't rise to the level of our expectations, we fall to the level of our training.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Host of the Law Enforcement Today Radio Show, also a music radio DJ and retired Baltimore Police Sergeant.Public Safety. Proud to be an American. It's time to speak up! #MAGA #KAG

You can find me on @parler @gab @clouthub @mewe

Byrna: https://t.co/GeimUtV8gd.…Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Mother, Grandmother, Conservative, Retired, Love Trump, Lover of Police, Widow of Police Officer, Military, Animals of all kinds, RealistHost of the Law Enforcement Today Radio Show, also a music radio DJ and retired Baltimore Police Sergeant.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Part true crime show, part cop show and a human interest show all in one. There is no other talk radio show or podcast like this.Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Constitutional Conservative Proud Deplorable. Thank you Veterans for fighting for the freedom we treasure. #KAG  DO NOT PM ME FOR $!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!Owned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!All you need to know is that I love my puppy. AI Tech inventor for autistic children,brain injuries Snowboarder,lesbian, Libertarian, Proud Aspie,PhD in Applied Mathematics, 

#autismawarenessOwned and operated by law enforcement. Our website is for the law enforcement community, family members, friends and those who support law enforcement!