Director, Nuclear Information Project,
Federation of American Scientists.
Write Nuclear Notebook and SIPRI world nuclear forces overview.
Opinions are my own.A nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting American leadership and global engagement for a secure, free, and prosperous future.A nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting American leadership and global engagement for a secure, free, and prosperous future.Field Studies Council. geography, biology, cross curricular fieldwork all key stages, natural history, arts, family courses. 19 UK Centres, 75yrs experience.A nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting American leadership and global engagement for a secure, free, and prosperous future.Senior Editor, @HumanEvents. Communism disrespecter. Mandarin linguist.Former Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (NSA)Texas expat living in the Midwest.
This Twitter account is mostly for politics, other interests. 
RT  endorsement!KEEP ATTACKINGNuclear weapons and defense policy at @armscontrolnow. Husband to Laura. Dad to Everly and Adaline. Wisconsin sports fan. @TrumanProject and @cnasdc Fellow.Stay at home dad of two daughters. Appeared in top documentary of 2020. Produced top documentary of 2019. 2021 - to be determined.A nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting American leadership and global engagement for a secure, free, and prosperous future.Nuclear Engineering and Theoretical Physics Hybrid. Quant Developer, Researcher and Analyst in Computational Finance and Applied Mathematics.assoc. prod at Post Script Audio • Freelance reporter • all views are mine • rts  endorsementsFormer Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (NSA) @FoxNews |  The Truth with Lisa Boothe @iHeartradio & @Gingrich360A nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting American leadership and global engagement for a secure, free, and prosperous future.BBQ enthusiast. Determined golfer. World's #1 Dad semi-finalist. For democracy, against the designated hitter. Then: consulting. Now: comms @Texas2036Lifelong anti-corruption, anti-stupidity, tech activist. Author, National Post, get Diane's newsletter on America https://t.co/6h2vlcJD8fHudson Institute is a leading Australian medical research institute recognised internationally for discovery science and translational research Endowed Chair in Asia-Pacific Security and Senior Fellow, Hudson Institute. UF & Oxford alumnus. Tweets are strictly my personal opinion. Scientia est potentiagot meHusband, father, grandfather, citizen, small businessman, author, former Speaker of the House.Japan Chair Fellow @HudsonInstitute Japan-US Defense  Strategy & Policy(nuclear/conventional deterrence, missile defense, and TTX scenario development)A @HudsonInstitute project on countering corruption from authoritarian regimes. Tweeting news and policy ideas, not endorsements.Welcome to the official account of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Republic of China (Taiwan). All tweets initialled JW are by Minister Jaushieh Joseph Wu.The official account of the Senior Official for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment at @StateDept.Foreign affairs columnist @WashingtonPost, anchor of Today’s WorldView. Teaching @GeorgetownSFS. New Yorker. Views my own. Victoria concordia crescit.A nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting American leadership and global engagement for a secure, free, and prosperous future.Sr Fellow @RFInstitute /Public Policy Fellow @TheWilsonCenter / Member @ADL Taskforce Middle East Minorities/ Member @APHR /Author/Fmr Mem Pakistan ParliamentI Am Biotech is where biotech professionals and enthusiasts can come together and discuss the promise of biotech innovation. #Biotech