Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!former tech worker / @tech_actionsRegistered nurse, socialist, mother, animal lover.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Host of The Kyle Kulinski Show & co-host of Krystal Kyle & Friends | Over half a billion YouTube viewsHuman Being. #GreenNewDeal #MedicareForAll #End4ProfitWars #PromotePeace #RCV #VoteByMail #BlackLivesMatter #MMTJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Join @demsocialists in our fight to make single-payer healthcare a reality in the US.  Email: medicareforall@dsausa.orgThe official UK Campaign to stop the extradition of Julian Assange to the US.
https://t.co/dGZLTYf01nFreelance journalist: ben.wray@hotmail.co.uk | The Gig Economy Project: https://t.co/uDdlRv0hrb…Peace Love & Outrage

#MedicareForAll 
#BlackLivesMatter
#GreenNewDeal
#GeneralStrike























Co-host of @PunchUpPodStaff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Pass the popcorn, get the guillotines. Writer/actor/musician enjoying the view while society collapses. Fck neoliberals D or R. #BLM #M4A #GreenNewDeal #LGBTQJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Co-host of the Odd Lots podcast and 'What'd You Miss?' on Bloomberg TV. Fan of the Bakersfield Sound.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Onetime Bernie Bro, Sarcastic asshole, #M4AORBust, ALT @jonjon1492 Teamster, #3rdPartyvoter Bad Faith Actor,  part time BeerBassadorStories to strengthen the #foodmovement. We expose industry spin, bust #foodmyths, & challenge #corporatepower. Together, we can transform the food system.We are 11 million undocumented immigrants fighting for permanent protection, dignity, and respect.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinStaff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!I’m gay and I want Medicare for All. #UnionStrong @DemSocialistsCampaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vBuilding community solidarity in the face of right-wing extremism and hate speech at @UBC and beyond. Support our work: https://t.co/snYfkqT2SDJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Emeritus Professor of European Studies, King's College London. I write mainly about capitalism and its great adversary Marxism. @seminarmarxI wrote a book on slaveholders & US foreign policy https://t.co/Tn0wIEWaSJGood trouble | Ron Desantis calls me a “known agitator” | youngest-ever elected Florida @DNC member | joyful rebellion | IG: @tomaskennJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!East Bay chapter of @DemSocialists  Join at https://t.co/issRDHHRUg and follow us here for local updates!  @eastbaymajorityPolitical theorist, constitutional thinker, writer, nonconformist. Postdoc Columbia Law. Systemic corruption, anti-oligarchic institutions, plebeians & populismMajority Staff Director for Budget Chairman @SenSanders 
Views expressed here are my own. 
AKA: Mr. Reconciliation
AKA: Chief of Receipts
AKA: The RegulatorJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Democratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.marx and buddha were rightJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Democratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.@ceprdc | fellow @epsusa | thinking about what works for the working class, everywhereJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Public sociologist and socialist. Interested in elites, knowledge & communication. Author of 'The BBC: Myth of a Public Service'. Mapping the Establishment.Epidemiologist. Fmr City Health Director. Author https://t.co/ujo0ZBHVPL, https://t.co/gVmZNgQldT, & https://t.co/funjdoZBxO. Host #AmericaDissected. Comment @CNN.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!deputy editor, @jacobin. host, @vastmajoritypod. author, Strike for America & coauthor, Bigger Than Bernie. member, @demsocialists. Midwestern. name at gmailJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!freelance writer  contributing editor @pitchfork  author "the raincoats"Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world." ~ Howard ZinnJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Patriotism is supporting your country all the time & your government when it deserves it. Mark Twain #NotMeUs Proud husband, father, grandfather, brother, uncleJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Krystal Kyle & Friends. Host of Breaking Points. Ella, Lolo and Ida Rose's Mama! Author of bestselling book: The Populist’s Guide to 2020. insta @krystalmballJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8v(he/him) | live in Germany | socialist | study socio-economics at CAU KielJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Disaffected LiberalInjustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere | https://t.co/NbtDw6O4K1 | https://t.co/KKP8K845AV | zei.squirrel@gmail.comCreator of Wigstock, Dean Of Drag on RuPaul's Drag U, comedienne/DJ/singer/staunch progressive & foreskin inspector who loves to laugh!  https://t.co/HIfv0p34BfInterest formation between ecology and class,
Uni Jena, editor @viewpointmagI’m gay and I want Medicare for All. #UnionStrong @DemSocialistsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Democratic Socialist | Social Justice Activist  | Environmentalist  | LGBTQI+  | Brexiteer  | #FreePalestine  | #BlackLivesMatterJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Books: Underland, The Lost Spells, The Lost Words, The Old Ways, Landmarks, etc. Films: Mountain, Upstream. Nature, climate, people, place. Fellow at Cambridge.I wrote a book on slaveholders & US foreign policy https://t.co/Tn0wIEWaSJdeputy editor, @jacobin. host, @vastmajoritypod. author, Strike for America & coauthor, Bigger Than Bernie. member, @demsocialists. Midwestern. name at gmailJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!#RealProgressives #Insist we work for progressive policies across the US and the world https://t.co/605EzytZQQ https://t.co/VYojeeCMd3I teach law at the University of Queensland. I write about constitutional law, colonialism and Indigenous peoples' rights.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Mass #peace & #justice org. No war on #Iran, #Korea, #Venezuela. #FreePalestine #NuclearBan #M4A #GreenNewDeal #MoralBudget #DefundThePentagon #DefundThePoliceJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Co-founder, 34justice. Now: @SanJoseUnified. Alum: @Marc_Elrich, @CenterOnBudget, @SanJoseTeachers, @TeachForAmerica, @Stanford, @EqualityForum. Views my own.Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!The Movement of Rank and File Educators is a caucus of @uft fighting for social justice, a democratic union, and empowered workers in schools.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Exec. Director, @PSRenvironment & @PSRNuclear • Senior Advisor, @NCLAdvocacy • 2018 President, @edfunding • Tweets mostly related to these roles, sometimes not!Political Truth & News That Everyone Can Use 

#DemocraticSocialist #MedicareForAll #GreenNewDeal
#FightFor15 
#GeneralStrike
#BlackLivesMatter 
#Antifascist Tweets about justice, equality, migration, climate & the world of work /// Music lover /// Director Property Services & UNICARE @UNI_Europa @uniglobalunion ///Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!JD/MPH. SDOH (employment, labor, housing), drug policy, harm reduction, carceralization of medicine. opinions my own. she/her/hersJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Trainee.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!A poor New Yorker’s rants and raves.Host of the Michael Brooks Show, join: https://t.co/pyEwUQtbBR @tmbsfm co-host Weekends @jacobinmag Contributor, @Majorityfm Co-host Woke Bros.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Progressive. Burner  Introvert. Atheist.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!policy & comms, @rappcampaign. member, #HALTsolitary. People think I'm a lawyer but actually I'm just difficult.Brooklyn Native | He/Him | Educator & Organizer | Former @NYCCouncil @NYSenate Staffer | Treasurer of @EastNewYorkCLTInternationalistJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!artist/writer/surplus, health communist, host @DeathPanel_, CUNY Disability Studies, https://t.co/FXUzovgRuH  stay alive another weekJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!A worker and writer with a leftist political bent. For citizen rights, instead of corporate greed. And believe that we might need the environment to live.ER Nurse at Highland Hospital | Alameda Health System Chapter President for SEIU local 1021 | #OurPatientsDeserveBetter especially now!!! #COVID19Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!#editor / daddy / uninvited settler on the Traditional Territory of the Lekwungen-speaking Peoples. he/him. INFJ#NotMeUsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!EU Law Professor @HECParis @collegeofeurope | EU Upstander @TheGoodLobby @VoterWOBorders @euroalter @wemoveEU @access_info @VoxEurop | #the17million | #YGL #EYLJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!I'm a VERY left Independent voter. Biden cannot be moved left, the DemParty cannot be reformed. PERIOD. It’s ranked choice & a new party that will save us all.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Avant garde to realist artist, photographer and mom.  Musicians, artists, authors and other mostly harmless friends tweeted about too.I’m gay and I want Medicare for All. #UnionStrong @DemSocialistsBoth political parties are bullshitInternational law, critical theory, pasta. Wrote a book on capitalism, civilisation and international law. She/her/comrade. It's pronounced 'Dina'.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Reporter and web editor for @inthesetimesmag, freelancer elsewhere, member of  @WBNG32035.@DemSocialists of America, Los Angeles  
@NOlympicsLA 
@streetwatchla  
@hollywood_labor  

More info at https://t.co/vltp0NDczAprof of public policy LSE. political economy; political influence & inequality; economic policy & public finance; mass media. tweets in english & italianoJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Hi, After decades as a Business Turnaround Expert and executive mentor specializing in the science of leadership development.. I am pausing to deal with Trump#Environmentalist #DemocraticSocialist i.e. #Civilized #Antifa #ShouldaBeenBernie2020 #GreenNewDeal #Medicare4All  #GOPAreTerrorists #NeverDictatorTrumpJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Organizing for a national, single-payer healthcare system. #MedicareForAllJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!History teacher at Univ of Illinois at Chicago. Unionist, labor historian, writer, proud @UICUF member/@uicgeo alum. Bylines @inthesetimesmag @jacobinmag He/HimApiarist , Traveller, Love the out doors , Pensioner , Christian , Labor Voter, Human Rights , A Fair Go , Fishing and MoreJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!«Non descansa a miña bisavoa descalza»
(Olga Novo).

Proletaria. Exhausta. Leo en rojo.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Host of the Michael Brooks Show, join: https://t.co/pyEwUQtbBR @tmbsfm co-host Weekends @jacobinmag Contributor, @Majorityfm Co-host Woke Bros.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinwriter. also @primerpod : saxlepres@gmail.comJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Astronomer, scientist, discoverer of #Proximab, #Barnardb and dozens of other planets. Made of stardust.

Climate breakdown is the solution to Fermi paradox.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!deputy editor, @jacobin. host, @vastmajoritypod. author, Strike for America & coauthor, Bigger Than Bernie. member, @demsocialists. Midwestern. name at gmailJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!writer. also @primerpod : saxlepres@gmail.comSAHM, kind and benevolent dictatorAccount of Laura Fielding, Executive Director, Red Berets Medicare for All & Board Member of Whole Washington.#RedBeretshttps://t.co/5k619e39K0 VOLUNTEER #I1362#ForTheMany #M4A RETWEETS ARE NOT ENDORSEMENTS Tweets are my own. Call me Fiddyfaculty @thenewschool. architecture, archives, cities, infrastructure, libraries, maps, sound++ img:karelmartensLiliana on The Sopranos.  #M4A #GNDInternationalist. Coordinator of the Secretariat @progintl. A new world is being born amid monsters.We look for opportunities to create big changes in NY and the US. Our power comes from the grassroots: people coming together to push the edge of the possible.VA physician on leave w brain tumor #Socialist #MedicareForAll #FreePalestine #BringOurTroopsHome #FreeAssange #FlintWaterCrisis #GreenNewDeal #BlackLivesMatterDad to three, connecting the dots. Views are mine. @WEintheWorldOrg | @UDBidenSchoolJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Internationalist. Coordinator of the Secretariat @progintl. A new world is being born amid monsters.Staff writer at @jacobinGood trouble | Ron Desantis calls me a “known agitator” | youngest-ever elected Florida @DNC member | joyful rebellion | IG: @tomaskennAlways learningPolitical Truth & News That Everyone Can Use 

#DemocraticSocialist #MedicareForAll #GreenNewDeal
#FightFor15 
#GeneralStrike
#BlackLivesMatter 
#Antifascist Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!I wrote a book on slaveholders & US foreign policy https://t.co/Tn0wIEWaSJJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Host of the Michael Brooks Show, join: https://t.co/pyEwUQtbBR @tmbsfm co-host Weekends @jacobinmag Contributor, @Majorityfm Co-host Woke Bros.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!LA Girlie, sharp, intellectual, compassionate #Independent #Progressive #M4A #NotMeUs #ClimateCrisis #BLM #NeverNeoliberals #Justice #EqualityCampaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vDemocratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.”
 Victor Hugo, Les MisérablesJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Director, Policy Forum. A Tanzanian network of over 60 NGOs working to influence policy processes. #MTAMO Montani Semper Liberi. SujianTutor, tax preparer, public speakerJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Journalism, public policy, intl development—Books: @DelhibyHeart; The Fractious Path; Being Pakistani; Identity, Faith & Conflict; The Role of Public Admin.Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Simple man. And nothing in particular. Just another news-browser.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Colorado State Representative House District 9. Mom. Social Worker.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!#Bernie2024 #NotMeUsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!For others, notnot fame, If we want people to do the right thing START w/ fearless accountability. BE YOUR best & not FOR SALE! #CannonFire2022NJStaff writer at @jacobinStaff Writer @Jacobin magazine. Words in Current Affairs, The Atlantic, The Guardian, New Statesman, LRC, & others. Book forthcoming in 2021 from @ORbooks.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vReimagining public safety.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.”
 Victor Hugo, Les MisérablesJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Apiarist , Traveller, Love the out doors , Pensioner , Christian , Labor Voter, Human Rights , A Fair Go , Fishing and MoreDeeply skeptical of all things corporate, especially the political parties that willfully and gleefully enable them while screwing the rest of usJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!you've got to learn to bubble. bylines @ringer @_reallifemag @jacobinmag @indyweek @outline (rip) @awl (rip)Trying out this Twitter thing.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Dulwich & West Norwood Constituency Labour Party - campaigning for our communities in Southwark and LambethStrategy & Competitive Marketing | Digital & Social Pharma | Life Sciences Investment | Cell & Gene Therapy | VaccinesMusic Dance Writing Cats Wild Cats Orcas 

Biden's unfit. I didn't vote for him. Or Trump.
Democrats can't buy my vote. 
#DemExit #MedicareForAll #GeneralStrikeJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Beautiful DisasterJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!*Ecuadorian-German freak by nature & incidental ghost writer that is always hoping for the best but expecting the worst* 
(tweets in English, Spanish & German!)Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Political scientist. PostDoc @Tarif_Gerecht @FU_Berlin. Focus: European integration, Labour Policy. French Political Economy. editorial board: @ztschr_proklaJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!NYC based illustrator, graphic artist, animator, musician, coder, electronics & synth enthusiast // #DataVis #SciArt #SpaceArt #SciComm #RightToRepairMA in Public Policy & Administration. Interested in heterodox economics, political theory, migration & film studiesJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinPolitical Orphan Political Independent
#FreeAssange #FreeSpeech #FreePalestineJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Universal Health Coverage #UHC saves lives, stimulates growth, reduces poverty and builds nations. Political commitment + PUBLIC financing are the keys to UHC.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Gaza Action Ireland was formed by Irish activists involved in Irish Ship to Gaza. We aim to highlight and help undermine the illegal Israeli blockade of Gaza.writer. also @primerpod : saxlepres@gmail.comJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Author of The Ones Who Don't Say They Love You (available for pre-order) and PEN/Faulkner finalist We Cast a Shadow (2019). (He/him).Political scientist at Marquette University // Books: Obamacare Wars (Kansas, 2016); APD & Trump Presidency (Penn, 2020) / cohost @deathpanel_ / YinzerJust another guy hoping to learn more, spread smiles, and change the world. Proud Ball State alumnus.Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Scottish Development and Education Centre, part of @IDEAScotland. 
Working with teachers to bring active Global Citizenship Education into schools.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Democratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!essayist/journalist. Staff writer @jacobinmag. Contributing writer @thenation. Author, Divining Desire: Focus Groups and the Culture of Consultation @ORBooksGlobal Correspondent for Byline Times. Columnist for Inside Arabia. Activist against Islamophobia. Plz support: https://t.co/tnDXsIhkhOJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!publisher @jacobin, columnist @guardianus, hype man @demsocialists, author "The Socialist Manifesto": https://t.co/hnFwzxgaqCFREEDOM:  INALIENABLE...
Something that is yours forever; can’t be given nor taken away; a natural right; cannot be revoked by ANY OUTSIDE force or power.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine! While we only fought for Union for white people, we were defeated; as soon as we added to it Freedom for all, we triumphed. Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Professor of African & African American Studies (https://t.co/flyPwxRsdZ) & Director of Langston Hughes Center (@HughesCenter_KU) - *Op mine *RTENDTJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Prof Emeritus Democracy @UWGB @AFTunion #author Thomas Paine & Promise of America/Fight for the Four Freedoms/Take Hold of Our History/FDR on DemocracyJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Beautiful DisasterJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Freelance journalist interested in drugs and policing. Trans Behind Bars Columnist @shadowproofcom. Avatar by @quinnHPM.LSE political theorist & education leader. Research on critical theory, precarity & migrant worker organising: day labourers; meatpackers (US Latinx).Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!INFP #BLM #FreeAssangeSnowden #AntiWar #M4A #GND #ForceTheVote
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. KrishnamurtiStaff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Constantly bemused and infuriated by what we do to each other and to our planet. Disdain for those who screw others for personal gain. Hoping for a better wayJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Progressive fighting from within the Iowa Dem Party to push it left. Health care worker, COVID survivor. Proud mom to a Trans daughter. #MedicareForAllRussian-Australian, MSc IPP at @UCL, researcher, journalist at @El_Ciudadano, intl editor @jacobinlat, published in @TheGrayzonenews, @MIDIAninja, @lvslmedia +Decentralized News NetworkJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!The Department of Anthropology at SOAS.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!History student | Endlessly interested in 20th C wars, cities, poetry, stories, and food | In university 7/10 timesJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Concerned citizen witnessing beginning of The CollapseJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!SF District 5 Supervisor, democratic socialist, tenant attorney, founder of Tenants Together (Opinions my own; RT not endorsement.)Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff Writer @Jacobin magazine. Words in Current Affairs, The Atlantic, The Guardian, New Statesman, LRC, & others. Book forthcoming in 2021 from @ORbooks.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!they/them~ GenX~ Disabled BPD PTSD ADHD UCTD PsA~
M4A GND FJG UBI EndTheWars Reparations AbolishICE LandBack WaterIsLife LearnMMT
Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!CRR19 is a public art project to commemorate the city's worst incident of racial violence. To achieve justice and racial equality we must remember the pastJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Environmental historian @HarvardWCFIA. I study neo-liberalism, energy, and animals. Words in @newleftreview, @bookforum, @jacobin, @Bostonreview, @nplusonemag.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!publisher @jacobin, columnist @guardianus, hype man @demsocialists, author "The Socialist Manifesto": https://t.co/hnFwzxgaqCAggregator of Black Culture. Boosting Blackademia since '99.  Feminist. Family Man. BX-born. @DukeU Prof. Host @LeftofBlack.  @BullCitySigmas @Mets @nyknicksAuthor: The Production of Money & The Case for the Green New Deal. @primeeconomics & @PEF_online. Making City (& Wall St.) servant, not master of the economy.We are  group of @DemSocialists members who believe that decentralization, ecology & radical democracy are at the core of socialist organizing•ALL BLMJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Social welfare advocate & campaigner. Child Protection Caseworker. Sole parent. #parentingiswork#BOSTON'S #1 SOURCE 4 NO NONSENSE #WEATHER #MAWX,  W/ A EMPHASIS ON TH ND 2 REPENT 2 UR WEATHER LORDS. END DEATH SPIRALISM. REPENT

https://t.co/HAQqcjINF2Historian of (dock)workers, unions, (port) cities & race. Ben Fletcher: Black Wobbly; Dockworker Power in Durban & SF; Codirects @ChicagoRaceRiot 1919 ProjectStaff writer at @jacobinEuropean Research Network on Social and Economic Policy /       artist/writer/surplus, health communist, host @DeathPanel_, CUNY Disability Studies, https://t.co/FXUzovgRuH  stay alive another weekJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Democratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Democratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Prof @Yale. Author of *This Life: Secular Faith and Spiritual Freedom* (https://t.co/06gBgid6ty). Philosophy, politics, literature.mourning the loss of the bestest boi Glenn -bunny hugger ( tho allergic to rabbit fur ). analysing politics and follow a lot of cats Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Researching post-communist transformations in the Baltic states and labour resistance in East-Central Europe.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Award-winning photographer and Tactical Mediator with @olblightbrigade. Social Media & Membership Organizer with @MTEAunionJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!#Peace  #NoMoreWars #Assange
#EndHomelessnessJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobincomms/strategy for @IlhanMN. Amateur everything else.publisher @jacobin, columnist @guardianus, hype man @demsocialists, author "The Socialist Manifesto": https://t.co/hnFwzxgaqCJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Dubliner, journalist, historian. Features Editor, @jacobinmag. Author of One Man's Terrorist: A Political History of the IRA.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Working to empower communities impacted by the War on Terror. CITIZENS not SUBJECTS.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Come for the lefty political economy, stay for the lefty political economy. Union spreadsheet guru. Author, People's Republic of Walmart: https://t.co/7qy6cKDe3DJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Socialists Always Ask Questions. Identity Politics is Apartheid & Divisive. Resist the State, Not Each Other. Our Flag Stays Red!Retired NHS(RMN), Unite, International Irish. Alba. My loneliness shines.Fmr. Deputy Campaign Manager @BernieSanders 2020 Author of Lies Incorporated and The Fox Effect.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!anti-imperialist activist & filmmaker - militant anti-impérialiste & cinéasteJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!you know why.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Supporter of Jeremy Corbyn's Peace and Justice Project and the Northern Independence Party

#VoteNIP
#FreePalestine
#HugAWhippetJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!A Pro-99% Humanist Humanoid, tired of a lack of logic, foresight, democracy & compassion, on a planet run by 0.01% Oligarchs & Parasites! RESISTANCE~IS~FERTILE!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!She/her

#BlackLivesMatter

ACAB

#AbolishthePoliceJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Editor-at-Large, Jewish Currents. Author, "Beinart Notebook" on Substack. CNN Contributor. Prof, Newmark School of Journalism, CUNY. Tweets=my views, not CUNY'sJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!The labour movement's grassroots campaign for a socialist Green New Deal. Join us Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff Writer @Jacobin magazine. Words in Current Affairs, The Atlantic, The Guardian, New Statesman, LRC, & others. Book forthcoming in 2021 from @ORbooks.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Antimonopolist NY lawmaker & Chair of Aging Committee2020 Bernie Delegate in pursuit of #TaxJustice #M4A #GND  to build a #CaringSociety he/himJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!US/Scot dual citizen who wants fair society for all. #SolidarityForever #BlackLivesMatter #bairnsnotbombs #BernieAbroad #democraticsocialist #MedicareForAllJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Senior Economist with Centre for Future Work @TheAusInstituteMarried woman with 2 cats. 

Corporate-owned Dems & Repubs have similarly bad policies. Trump was awful, but Biden is no savior--he's a destructive Republican.Director @JusticeIsGlobal, a @PplsAction project | #PeoplesVaccine | Progressive internationalist  strategy | Always bet on solidarity | He/himJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!"Striving for social justice is the most valuable thing to do in life." -- Albert Einstein

A daily source for progressive news and opinionsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!#neverbiden #nevertrump You should have Clapped.My new book, THE PRINCE: ANDREW CUOMO, CORONAVIRUS, AND THE FALL OF NEW YORK is out 6/22. Order now: https://t.co/3irvzWozy1…Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Nobody is going to pour truth into your brain. It's something you have to find out for yourself.I read/watch progressive media. Love photography, music, history, movies, humor. I like deep analysis of subjects.          It's not the wakin', it's the risin'Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Author of A People’s Guide to Capitalism + video star of Marxism in a Minute + staff @Jacobin + unrepentant Berner + mom to a young dino The Center for Economic and Policy Research promotes democratic debate on the most important economic & social issues that affect people's lives.“Teaching is a political act”—Paulo Freire. I do liberation, edu-litigation, immigrant rights, & teach law  PCL JD’18, UCLA BA’14, USN ESWS'85 |  Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!An Israeli Christian standing with Uyghurs against #UyghurGenocide  
       
#Uyghurs  #Assistant Professor in the Instituto de Historia at Universidad Católica de Chile | @Historia_UC  • Global STS •  Surveillance • Grassroots technologyPolitics, economics, planet, YNWA, Street art, depression, likes a good rant about life :-)Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Freelance journalist examining the changing South | Host of @SouthernPod | Healthcare worker and #MedicareForAll advocate with @PNHP | Member @fsp_nwuBuilding The Squad. We helped elect @AOC, @JamaalBowmanNY, @CoriBush, and more because we need a Democratic Party that fights for voters, not corporate donors.Congresswoman, MO-01. Nurse, activist, organizer, single mom, & pastor. Leading with radical love, fighting for regular people. #StLouisStrong (she/her)Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!99 Problems & the Rich R 1 #BlackLivesMatter #Medicare4All #HumanRights #AntiWar #Resist #Occupy #DefundThePolice #EndTheDrugWar #SocialJustice #NotMeUs #EarthJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!writer. also @primerpod : saxlepres@gmail.comthe base is shattered, is it?
what on earth else and by whom? 
by the base buried.Fighting for California's working families! We represent more than 2.1 million workers in 1,200 local unions across the state.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Judge Donnelly of Cambidge court made an abuser the Guardian of her victim.  Then he threw in a DNR so she could kill her against her wishes. cisfemaleJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!@jacobin senior editor, @uiowa alum, & @nyguild member; lover of democracy & loather of capitalism; writing a book on Eugene DebsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Contributing Editor @jacobinmag
Articles @OverlandJournal @aeonmag
Author of Lukács: Praxis and the Absolute
@withMEAA @SEARCH_Aus @vic_socialists
Protect the NHS. No one should fear a lack of access or affording healthcare #KeepOurNHSFree #NHSPay15 #HumanFactorsInHealthcare #FBNHSJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Author of A People’s Guide to Capitalism + video star of Marxism in a Minute + staff @Jacobin + unrepentant Berner + mom to a young dino Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Where is your god now?March-eh-teach. Writer @Jacobin, co-host @1of200podcast. Faves =/= agree. Author of Yesterday's Man: the Case Against Joe BidenJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Assistant Professor @GWtweets.  Author of From Conflict to Coalition (Cambridge, 2016). Writing a new book on labor repression and free trade for @CambridgeUP.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Professor Harvard Medical School. Disease surveillance methods. Infectious disease outbreaks. Vaccine safety. Free SaTScan, TreeScan and RSequential software.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Value investor.  Long-only, primarily small/micro. Remote work advocate (years before COVID made it cool.)Environmental Scientist with an interest in molecular and environmental toxicology, as well as political and media accountabilityProfessor Harvard Medical School. Disease surveillance methods. Infectious disease outbreaks. Vaccine safety. Free SaTScan, TreeScan and RSequential software.Founder, EIC @FiveThirtyEight. Author, The Signal and the Noise (https://t.co/v6tgsFf8gD). Sports/politics/food geek. Not a virologist.Associate professor of economics, John Jay College-CUNY. Fellow @rooseveltinst. Spouse of @LauraTanenbaum. Come study econ with me: https://t.co/66KVcRrZ0TIs a public Interest lawyer with a special interest in land reform, mines and communities and compensation for occupational diseases. Militant non-racialist.Senior Fellow Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies, Renmin University of ChinaInternational man of history. Author, @HooverInst senior fellow, @bopinion columnist. Latest book, DOOM: The Politics of Catastrophe out May 4. Opinions my own.Discípulo de Jesus, liberal clássico de cosmovisão política conservadora • BR Army Colonel (retired)former tech worker / @tech_actionsTheorist, Books 
freeX: https://t.co/IxkuLAELkO
home: https://t.co/Bm8ym5R3id
vino optics: https://t.co/5EtNMrrO4n
telegram: https://t.co/osGupCQEE8…
moment series: https://t.co/EhVFSDhaGRProf Emeritus Democracy @UWGB @AFTunion #author Thomas Paine & Promise of America/Fight for the Four Freedoms/Take Hold of Our History/FDR on DemocracyQuality vocational education in Australia is suffering under contestable funding model. Guarantee TAFE funding! #RebuildWithTAFE #AustNeedsTAFEJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!ITF creates borderless solidarity among transport workers in every corner of the globe. We are 18.5 million voices; We stand together; #WeAreITF.Fighting for truth, justice and the American way.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!make it stopEconomist & blogger at my own site and https://t.co/eR6NeJVi1I.  #Adani mailing list:  https://t.co/uT122Cvhck  My general list: https://t.co/4JlnG6ifu1  Trolls blocked on sightJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!OBJECTIVE Biometric Researcher intrigued by DiverseViewpoints IDG INFLUENCER kindness+compassion=strength CYBERSECURITY DataIntegrity PATIENTSAFETY AnalyticsWe make Honest Government Ads. 
We're on Patreon https://t.co/JOoJQtMNvE 
Youtube https://t.co/kf4xyj4jwz 
Store https://t.co/qOeix6VvMO 

Est. 384ppmJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Author of A People’s Guide to Capitalism + video star of Marxism in a Minute + staff @Jacobin + unrepentant Berner + mom to a young dino Claims of Fraud were silenced, 1000's of affidavits signed were silenced. 1000s more votes than registered voters. Is this the USA or is it VenezuelaJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Just another guy hoping to learn more, spread smiles, and change the world. Proud Ball State alumnus.philosopher turned data scientist turned philosopher. UC Merced. enviro policy, data science, philosophy of science, lefty stuff. they/themJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Historian. Occasionally compared to Philip Marlowe. Wrote A History of America in Ten Strikes.  https://t.co/ve7k5rWvBk  Exiled Oregonian. Cranky. Strong opinions.created this account for Professor Cherribi's course, Political Economy of Violence and NonviolenceJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!you know why.An independent campaigning organization that uses non-violent, creative confrontation to expose global environmental problems, and to force solutions.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Climate @NewRepublic & proudly @NYguild  Overheated @BoldTypeBooks, A Planet To Win @VersoBooks, We Own The Future @thenewpress. More  @theinterceptJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!The Palestinian Policy Network. An independent, nonprofit think tank without borders. Arabic & English. RT  EndorsementJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Anti-Kakistocrat.Fuk Antifa Yeet Yeet!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Widow-mom, teacher, we have done enough tolerating each other; time to embrace our shared humanity/simply acknowledge we need each other! #BernieOrGreenAt Empowered Parents Network, we will provide you the ultimate parenting toolkit to raise your kids more confidently and stress-free.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Human / Plastic Surgeon/ CEO /Author / Socio-Political activist / Speed Literacy programme / Vision21 & The Istanbul network for Liberty    #AbolishPolice #M4A # #BLM #FreePalestine #LGBTQ+ Disrupt, disengage from the system. The system cannot be reformed.Author of A People’s Guide to Capitalism + video star of Marxism in a Minute + staff @Jacobin + unrepentant Berner + mom to a young dino Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Procrastinates productively. Longtime baseball apologist and Dually Disloyal Jew. He/Him/HisJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!campaigns @350canada // prof @senecacollegeJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!co-host @citationspodSenior fellow @BrookingsInst; Contributing writer @TheAtlantic; Editor @WCrowdsLive; Author of ISLAMIC EXCEPTIONALISM and TEMPTATIONS OF POWER: https://t.co/81goK1g3uMJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!ne travaillez jamais || socially homosexual, fiscally homophobic || lu/lun/luna or she/her || minorJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never has and never will.
It is Antisemitism to collectively equate Jewish People to Israel State.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!less of less is more of moreMilwaukee workers are speaking out – we need $15 an hour and the right to form a union without retaliation.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Philosopher l co-founder of @DIEM_25 l Progressive International @ProgIntl l After the Apocalypse (Polity, 2021) l Poetry from the Future (Penguin, 2019)Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!working class Geordie Lad,shop steward,movie buff, ,Star Wars lover,heroes Bruce Lee ,Tony Benn, Trotsky Marx Engels .proud socialist appeal member and GeordieJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff Writer @Jacobin magazine. Words in Current Affairs, The Atlantic, The Guardian, New Statesman, LRC, & others. Book forthcoming in 2021 from @ORbooks.Since 1963, the Institute for Policy Studies has challenged inequality, corporate power, polluters, and militarism.Jail, Prison, Criminology, et al. HT=Heard Through. ($)= Paywall. (Me: I'm tired, mostly) As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchasesAuthor, Speaker, Independent Thinker, Investigative Journalist |  IG: https://t.co/kj6uvl0fMvJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!MD | PM&R #EMG | #DeathAtSeaWorld #Blackfish & @LongGoneWild cast | Physiatrist 4 #Medicare4All #GreenNewDeal | | Fmr SeaWorld Trainer & #WhistleBlowerJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Husband & Father to 3 wonderful girls and a wonderful son, torn between my Essex upbringing and being a good leftie.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Independent, sick of corrupt corporate politics. Policy, not Party! Insomniac (apnea). #M4A #GreenNewDeal #SocialSecurity #NoWar #EraseMedicalDebt #Bernie202026, Geschichtsstudent, Politikkommentator auf YouTubeThe Washington Post once called me “hunky”. Co-host of “Weekends” with @Jacobinmag.Host & Executive Producer:
@theyoungturks & 
"Weekends" with @jacobinmag.Twitter coopted birds. Digital Comms @AAWW. Formerly @ColumbiaUP, @OtherPress, @TiltedAxisPress. Words @Guardian, @WillowherbRvw, @TheWhiteReview. (she/her)Director @nywfp + Obiora's mama born and bred New Yorker + organizer up with the people!Democratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Osage Nation, Eco-Socialist, RT's =/= endorsements. #BlackLivesMatter #PoorPeoplesCampaign #MedicareForAll #MMIWEditor of @CurAffairs, former political columnist for the @guardian https://t.co/T099mjbAIoJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!"I am a Freelance Journalist" In #Somalia. covering #AlShabaab reports & global conflicts. RTs are not endorsement.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!socialism or we all fucking die. no one is free until everyone is free.
https://t.co/h4IxIZ3z4SJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!SF District 5 Supervisor, democratic socialist, tenant attorney, founder of Tenants Together (Opinions my own; RT not endorsement.)Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Managing Editor @PopMatters | Compassionate artists and intellectuals and their kitties reside at all levels of societies | Fave place: @PopSarah’s loving armsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Palestinian American, democratic socialist organizer. #FreePalestine She/Her #1u #loveislove #StopSuicide #3rdReconstructionJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff Writer @Jacobin magazine. Words in Current Affairs, The Atlantic, The Guardian, New Statesman, LRC, & others. Book forthcoming in 2021 from @ORbooks.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Join @demsocialists in our fight to make single-payer healthcare a reality in the US.  Email: medicareforall@dsausa.orgJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Hierophant, heresiarch. Reasonable rates.

"All men who say yes, lie." -- Herman MelvilleDuring times of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act.
-George Orwell

https://t.co/9ypQXrBXGk:@Julica_BrandIndependent, viewer-supported news network. No corporate funds or advertising money. Sign up here: https://t.co/lgswzWcQ7MJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobin...Zanpaturik dauden oro altxa bitez!
eta etsituarekin junta!Staff Writer @Jacobin magazine. Words in Current Affairs, The Atlantic, The Guardian, New Statesman, LRC, & others. Book forthcoming in 2021 from @ORbooks.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Greens NSW MP. Social justice, forests for the future, Treaties, sovereignty and climate justiceUltimamente faccio tante videoconferenzeJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Father to two great boys and husband of an amazing wife; techno-optimist and vegetarian; wannabe vegan, golfer, baller, and poker pro.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Iraq War Vet & ER doc interested in public health crises. I make informative threads #SoulsLostToCovidJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!ex Countdown viewerJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!writer. also @primerpod : saxlepres@gmail.comJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Your queer (bi) clever commie cunt from Chattanooga, TN, in the Never Never Land that is the US of A (he, him)Sociologist PhD, feminist, #socialist.  Academic, civil celebrant, volunteer,  activist. Writer: research, fiction, memoir, politics (blog)Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Author of A People’s Guide to Capitalism + video star of Marxism in a Minute + staff @Jacobin + unrepentant Berner + mom to a young dino Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!The Economic Security Project challenges the status quo by catalyzing ideas that build economic power for all Americans.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!writer. also @primerpod : saxlepres@gmail.comAll Praise JaJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Graduate student MA Asian Studies. Freelance journalist. Tweets about Japan, politics, LGBTQ issues, DnD, & more. She/Her, They/Them. Technical Manager / Team Leader, Biochemical Engineer, Complex Problem Solving Specialist, Technologist https://t.co/mLhZnC1KGq @PanData19 Member #CAC #CVD #RootCauseStaff Writer at @JacobinMag. Writer and broadcaster for everyone. msdawnfoster@gmail.com Tusk is the best Fleetwood Mac album. Only care about LFC.Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vDemocratic Socialists of America is the largest and fastest growing socialist organization in the USA. Students: @ydsa_  Tweets are not official statements.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Political Truth & News That Everyone Can Use 

#DemocraticSocialist #MedicareForAll #GreenNewDeal
#FightFor15 
#GeneralStrike
#BlackLivesMatter 
#Antifascist Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!PhD @RMIT @AdmsCentre on supermarket and logistics automated decision-making technologies. Union researcher with @unitedworkersoz. Views my own.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Staff writer at @jacobinJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Campaigns end. Revolutions endure. This is the official account of Our Revolution.
Join us https://t.co/Je2HwVKA8vJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!John Kennedy-Denver CO #BernieSandersProgressive democrat 
Biden & Schumer must KILL the FILIBUSTER or be Blamed for losing the House & Senate to Jan 6-TraitorsAuthor, journalist, activist. My latest is ATTACK SURFACE https://t.co/Tqg2M6lqri Books: https://t.co/bRVgxZt5np Blog: https://t.co/MWQJRnPOIy.Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Prof. Dr. Stefan Sell lehrt VWL, Sozialpolitik, Sozialwissenschaften an der Hochschule Koblenz, Blog: https://t.co/LJNhs1WFNeJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!@jacobin senior editor, @uiowa alum, & @nyguild member; lover of democracy & loather of capitalism; writing a book on Eugene DebsJacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!Jacobin offers socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. Support our work and subscribe to our print magazine!